There's a surprising twist to Regina Willoughby's last season with Columbia City Ballet: It's also her 18-year-old daughter Melina's first season with the company. Regina, 40, will retire from the stage in March, just as her daughter starts her own career as a trainee. But for this one season, they're sharing the stage together.
Performing Side-By-Side In The Nutcracker
Regina and Melina are not only dancing in the same Nutcracker this month, they're onstage at the same time: Regina is doing Snow Queen, while Melina is in the snow corps, and they're both in the Arabian divertissement. "It's very surreal to be dancing it together," says Regina. "I don't know that I ever thought Melina would take ballet this far."
Left: Regina and Melina with another company member post-snow scene in 2003. Right: The pair post-snow scene in 2017 (in the same theater)
Keep reading at dancemagazine.com.

TAIPEI (Taiwan News)—Most people know that Zhuzihu (竹子湖) is home to Yangmingshan's calla lilies, but few have any idea that the valley tucked between Taipei’s Mt. Tatun and Mt. Qixing was the earliest breeding base of Ponlai Rice (Japonica rice) when Taiwan was under Japanese colonial rule (1895 to 1945). A couple of trails in Zhuzihu have been renovated and connected by Taipei’s Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) to serve as a reminder of the local rice culture in the old days.
During the Japanese colonial period, a Japanese engineer found that the Zhuzihu area was very suitable for planting short-grained Japanese rice cultivars because the area was situated on high terrain, the temperatures were low and the water quality was good. Therefore, cultivation of rice began in the area as early as in the 1920s.
The GEO said that using the Waterwheel Liao (水車寮) at Dinghu (頂湖) as the center, the office had connected the Waterwheel Liao trail, which was used for hauling rice in the old days, with the newly renovated irrigation ditch trail (水圳步徑) to form a circular trail network. For a connection with the historic rice culture of this area, start a walking tour from the Zhuzihu Ponlai Rice Foundation Seed Field Story House (竹子湖蓬萊米故事館), stroll the trails between the farm fields and hydrangea gardens, and end the tour at the original site of the Ponlai cultivation (蓬來米原種田), the GEO recommended.
Members of the public are recommended to take Bus S8 and S9 and get off at Zhuzihu (Hutian Elementary School). Walk for five minutes along the Waterwheel Liao trail to reach the irrigation ditch trail; the whole trip takes about 20 minutes.

KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Mike Moustakas helped the Kansas City Royals take a nine-run lead in the second inning. They nearly gave it all away.
Moustakas homered, doubled and drove in four runs in the first two innings, Jorge Soler went 4 for 5 with a home run, but the Royals nearly blew the big lead before holding on for a 11-8 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday night.
Moustakas' double in the first scored Jon Jay and Alcides Escobar. Moustakas' 12th homer was a towering two-run shot in the second that just made it into the front row of the right-field seats and barely fair.
According to Statcast, it had a 46-degree launch angle, the highest in the majors this season, and carried 339 feet.
"I knew I hit it good, but I just wasn't sure if it would stay fair and if it was going to go far enough," Moustakas said. "That was a high one for sure."
The Royals sent 11 men to the plate in a seven-run second to build a 9-0 lead. Soler nearly had a two-run homer in the inning, but after a review it was changed to a run-producing double. The second inning also included Ryan Goins' two-run triple.
Every Royals starter had scored in the first two innings, but it almost wasn't enough.
"We just couldn't slow them down," Royals manager Ned Yost said. "We weren't throwing strikes. We were leaving balls up. They just kept adding on, adding on, adding on."
The Twins chipped away at the Royals' lead, including bases-empty home runs by Brian Dozier and Ehrie Adrianza in the fifth and sixth innings, respectively.
"We fought back and then getting right back in the dugout," Dozier said. "We were right where we needed to be as far as momentum shifting our way. We just couldn't capitalize on it."
Miguel Sano hit a two-run double in the Twins' four-run sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar's two-out single, cutting the Royals' lead to 9-8. Brian Flynn then struck out Max Kepler to end the sixth with runners on second and third, preserving the Royals' lead.
Sano had a RBI single in the third and has hit in 17 consecutive games against the Royals with 30 RBIs in that span.
Hunter Dozier led off the Kansas City seventh with his first career home run. Soler homered in the eighth for his fourth hit, matching his career high.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters he faced and earned the victory.
"I didn't want to use McCarthy today," Yost said. "He's been in four out of five, but we were at the point we had to. He came in and did a phenomenal job."
Kelvin Herrera protected the lead with a spotless ninth for his 12th save.
Twins rookie right-hander Fernando Romero (3-2) retired only five of the 15 batters he faced. Romero allowed eight runs and nine hits, a walk and a sacrifice fly. His ERA jumped from 1.88 to 4.15.
"They were jumping me from the first pitch," Romero said. "They were just hitting everything."
Jay singled in the seventh to extend his hitting streak to 12 games. Jay finished May with a .368 average and leads the majors with 43 hits in the month.
ONE MORE OUT
Several Royals players began walking off the field in the fifth after turning a double play. The only problem was there were only two outs.
ROSTER MOVES
Twins: RHP Aaron Slegers was recalled from Triple-A Rochester. He came in after Romero's early exit and allowed two runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings. The Twins optioned Slegers back down to Rochester after the game.
Royals: RHP Trevor Oaks was recalled from Triple-A Omaha. He gave up three runs and five hits and a walk over 1 2/3 innings in his second big league appearance.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: CF Byron Buxton (fractured left toe) went back on the disabled list with the toe still impeding his game. ... RHP Ervin Santana (hand) was recalled from his minor league rehab assignment with swelling and having trouble gripping the ball. He will be re-examined.
Royals: RHP Blaine Boyer (strained back) was placed on the 10-day disabled list. Boyer was 2-0, but had an 11.76 ERA in 20 relief appearances.
UP NEXT
Twins: RHP Jake Odorizzi is the scheduled starter as the Twins open a four-game series with AL Central leader Cleveland at Target Field. RHP Shane Bieber will start for the Indians, making his big league debut.
Royals: They have Thursday off before beginning a three-game series Friday with Oakland. Kansas City RHP Ian Kennedy will start the opener.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball

--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--IMDb (NASDAQ:AMZN):
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005519/en/
Pom Klementieff receives the IMDb Fan Favorite STARmeter Award in the Breakout Category on April 23, 2018 on the set of “The IMDb Show” in Studio City, CA (Photo: Business Wire)
About IMDb
IMDb is the world’s most popular and authoritative source for movie, TV and celebrity content. The IMDb consumer site ( www.imdb.com ) is the #1 movie website in the world with a combined web and mobile audience of more than 250 million unique monthly visitors. IMDb offers a searchable database of more than 250 million data items including more than 4 million movies, TV and entertainment programs and more than 8 million cast and crew members. Consumers rely on the information IMDb provides -- including local movie showtimes, ticketing, trailers, critic and user reviews, personalized recommendations, photo galleries, entertainment news, quotes, trivia, box-office data, editorial feature sections and a universal Watchlist – when deciding what to watch and where to watch it. IMDb’s portfolio of leading entertainment apps ( http://www.imdb.com/apps/ ) includes its popular “Movies & TV” app for iPhone, iPad, Kindle Fire, Android phones, Android tablets and its mobile-optimized website. To date, there have been more than 150 million downloads of IMDb’s mobile apps worldwide. IMDb's X-Ray for Movies & TV Shows ( www.imdb.com/x-ray ) is a feature that revolutionizes the viewing experience by bringing the power of IMDb directly to Kindle Fire HD, Fire TV and Fire TV Stick. IMDb’s Facebook page ( https://www.facebook.com/imdb ) and official Twitter account ( https://twitter.com/imdb ) are followed by more than 12 million passionate entertainment fans. IMDbPro ( http://www.imdbpro.com ) is the essential resource for entertainment industry professionals. This membership-based service includes comprehensive information and tools that are designed to help entertainment industry professionals achieve success throughout all stages of their career. IMDbPro offers members the following: detailed contact and representation information; tools to manage and showcase their IMDb profile, including the ability to select their primary images and the credits they are best “known for”; exclusive STARmeter rankings that are determined by page views on IMDb; the IMDbPro app for iPhone and more. Additionally, IMDb owns and operates Withoutabox ( http://www.withoutabox.com ), the premier submission service for film festivals and filmmakers, and Box Office Mojo ( http://www.boxofficemojo.com ), the leading online source of box-office data. IMDb.com is operated by IMDb.com, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) ( http://www.amazon.com ). To learn more, go to: http://www.imdb.com/press.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005519/en/
CONTACT: IMDb PR
Katie Sann,ksann@imdb.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT TV AND RADIO TECHNOLOGY INTERNET FILM & MOTION PICTURES CELEBRITY GENERAL ENTERTAINMENT SOCIAL MEDIA COMMUNICATIONS ONLINE
SOURCE: IMDb
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005519/en

KINGSPORT, TN (WJHL) – News Channel 11 obtained 911 dispatch calls surrounding the incident at Eastman.
The audio depicted an urgency to get all firefighters to the scene, and News Channel 11’s Elizabeth Kuebel spoke to some of the people responding to those calls for help.
Kingsport Fire Department Senior Captain Terry Arnold responded to Eastman Wednesday morning.
He says the initial call came in asking for what’s called a full assignment, which means five engines and a ladder truck. Arnold said it was an unusual request considering the chemical company usually asks for one engine.
“We knew if Eastman was asking for that much, they had something that was or could be even worse,” Arnold said.
The senior captain said he was on site for the second explosion. He said he felt the ground shake.
Arnold worked at Eastman for several years as a paramedic, and he said he knew the sights and sounds of the company, but what he experienced Wednesday was different.
We asked Arnold what the scene looked like. He said, “It was a blast zone. An explosion happened, it was very apparent. There was a lot of damage, but it could have been a lot worse.”
Arnold also said responders actually pulled up News Channel 11 video capturing the moment of the explosion, and said it really helped give them a better understanding of the scene they were responding to.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.

Immediately, the magnitude of the task facing Lionel Messi came conveniently and acutely into view. He stood, upright and proud, for the Argentinian national anthem ahead of its first pre-World Cup tuneup friendly against Haiti in Buenos Aires on Tuesday, a 4-0 rout for the home team.
The camera, as usual, lingered on him as it slowly panned the rest of the Albiceleste. And as it framed soccer’s little supernova, it couldn’t help but capture the tall, bald man to his right in the frame. No avoiding it. Because Willy Caballero, that man, is a good half-foot taller than Messi is. And with the lights caroming off his shiny dome, he’s hard to miss.
The challenge for Messi at the World Cup in Russia is, essentially, men like Caballero.
In a macro sense, there’s nothing wrong with Caballero per se. He’s an admirable man who has risen to the top of his profession. Spending the past few seasons with Manchester City and Chelsea of the Premier League puts him in the one percent of the one percent of the world’s goalkeepers. Yet in Messi’s quest to finally win a World Cup, after falling short in extra time of the final against Germany four years ago, a Willy Caballero just won’t do.
Two seasons ago, he started 26 games for City after manager Pep Guardiola finally gave up on Joe Hart. Last season, at Chelsea, he played in 13 more games. Not bad for a backup, which is what he has been since leaving Malaga in 2014. But Caballero is hardly in the rarefied atmosphere of goalkeepers. He is nowhere near the half-dozen or so best in the world at his position.
You don’t strictly need one of those to win the World Cup. Although Germany had one and Spain had one in 2010 and Italy had one in 2006. But it helps. And Messi needs all the help he can get.
Sure, he has Gonzalo Higuain, one of the world’s top strikers, even though he’s never shaken a penchant of missing the most important chances of all. And he has Sergio Aguero, who remains one of the world’s deadliest forwards, yet has never quite meshed with Messi on the national team. Paolo Dybala offers creativity, even though he wasn’t as influential at Juventus this past season in spite of scoring more goals than ever.
Story Continues
There’s lots of experience in the squad with holding midfielder Javier Mascherano and winger Angel Di Maria, who combine for 235 caps and 25 years on the national team. There are some capable playmakers and some threatening wingers. Manager Jorge Sampaoli might even cobble together a passable defense from the driftwood and spare parts he’s collected.
And Caballero will probably do okay. Even though he’s 36 and played in just his third cap against Tuesday. Starting goalkeeper Sergio Romero, who has held the job for the last decade, is injured.
But that’s the issue with this team. Messi excepted, they’re all mostly just … fine.
(Getty)
Almost nobody in this side is at the peak of his prime. And, sure, the spine of this team played in consecutive finals in the World Cup and two Copa Americas in three straight summers from 2014 through 2016, losing all of them in extra time or on penalties. A team’s peak, however, can slip away from one summer to the next — let alone two of them. There are, at present, no difference makers in the lineup besides Messi. Only Dybala perhaps might alter a game on his own, should he suddenly recapture his best form, but then he seldom starts as he tends to get in Messi’s way.
Which means Messi will pretty much have to do it all himself. And there’s obvious danger in such a scheme. It’s the same one that backfired for FC Barcelona this season, when it stranded in the quarterfinal of the Champions League for a third straight year when Messi had a not-entirely-stellar series against AS Roma. Absent an attacking alternative for Messi, with Neymar sold to Paris Saint-Germain in spite of the club’s ardent resistance, it was prone on the Argentine’s rare sub-par days.
Winning the World Cup means navigating a high-stakes, three-game group stage and then surviving four straight knockout games. It requires a huge amount of luck. But most of all, it takes a handful of players who can put the team on their back when the other stars aren’t up to it. You don’t dominate every day. That’s the nature of soccer. You dribbles don’t come off sometimes, and your shots will refuse to find the target in certain games.
On Tuesday, against a fairly fetid opponent with no attacking ambitions whatsoever, it all worked. Messi made dicing runs and dispatched atom-splitting passes, scored a hat-trick, and got an assist.
After Giovani Lo Celso was flattened by Ricardo Ade in the Haitian box in the first half, Messi converted the penalty.
In the second act, he swept home the rebound from Lo Celso’s header on Higuain’s cross, which was parried by goalkeeper Johnny Placide.
Messi again!! This time he cleans up a rebound to make it ✌ for @Argentina over @fhfhaiti. Watch live now on #beINSPORTS and #beINSPORTSCONNECT https://t.co/LRYa03eva8 pic.twitter.com/SqbA8EIryn — beIN SPORTS USA (@beINSPORTSUSA) May 30, 2018
Christian Pavon wormed his way through the back line and cut back to Messi, who beat Placide a third time.
⚽ Messi completes his hat-trick and @Argentina are flying in their @FIFAWorldCup warmup. pic.twitter.com/Qprn2lVxZR — beIN SPORTS USA (@beINSPORTSUSA) May 30, 2018
And then Messi set up Aguero for a fourth with a perfect through ball.
Another one!
This time Messi feeds it to @aguerosergiokun who makes it 4-0 for @Argentina over @fhfhaiti. pic.twitter.com/RSV7FEpcum — beIN SPORTS USA (@beINSPORTSUSA) May 30, 2018
When Messi is at his best, it all works well. But when he isn’t quite his transcendent self, his team can find itself searching feverishly for answers only he can provide. Remember Argentina’s epic struggle during World Cup qualifying, when Messi blew hot and cold?
Argentina will live by Messi or die by Messi. Which means, statistically, that its chances of survival all the way to the cup are slim.
Leander Schaerlaeckens is a Yahoo Sports soccer columnist and a sports communication lecturer at Marist College. Follow him on Twitter @LeanderAlphabet.
More World Cup from Yahoo Sports:
• 2018 World Cup preview hub
• FC Yahoo Mixer: Settling the great VAR debate
• World Cup Group A preview: Uruguay should dominate weak crop
• Bushnell: 32 takeaways from club season pertaining to Russia
• FC Yahoo Mixer: Power ranking the USMNT World Cup teams 1990-2014

Dell is taking an unconventional route back to public markets; we break it down for you
After retreating from public markets in 2013, Michael Dell is looking to take his eponymous computing company back onto the stock market via a complex deal involving its VMware tracking stock.
So what does that mean? And what will the impact be on the complex structure of Dell Technologies? We try to break it all down.
First off, it's best to outline the structure at Dell since its mega US$67 billion acquisition of EMC in 2015.
The result was a new parent company - called Dell Technologies - which sits above Dell, Dell EMC, Pivotal and VMware, roughly speaking.
So, first there is the flailing former servers and computing division of Dell, which is now Dell Client Solutions Group. Then there is Dell EMC, which focuses on data storage and services. Then there is VMware, the high-growth cloud computing and platform virtualisation software vendor EMC acquired in 2004 for $625 million.
There are some other divisions and sub-divisions - like RSA, SecureWorks and Virtustream - but that is the important stuff when it comes to this deal.
Going public
The publicly traded Dell went private in 2013 following a $25 billion deal with private equity business Silver Lake. Now, in order to re-enter the public markets, Dell must acquire back something called tracking stock.
This is a common stock issued by a parent company (in this case Dell Technologies) to track the performance of a particular division (VMware), without having claim on the assets of the division.
This effectively separates VMware's revenue and expenses from the parent company's financial statements. This allows investors to invest in VMware, even if they don't have faith in Dell Technologies as a whole.
So Dell established this stock after the EMC merger for the sole purpose of tracking VMware performance
Now, as part of this piece of corporate manoeuvring, Dell is widely reported to be looking to exchange that Dell Technologies (DVMT) tracking stock (known as Class V) with Dell's own privately held common stock (known as Class C) at a rate of 1.3665, or for $109 per share in cash, if the holder so chooses, and as long as the aggregate of that does not exceed $9 billion.
In short: the tracking stock will be eliminated as it is traded, at a premium, for Dell's privately owned common stock, which will then be directly listed on the public New York Stock Exchange. The complex details of that transaction can be found in this Dell press release.
Dell will then directly list this stock as a new class of shares under a yet-to-be-announced ticker symbol, on the public market. This route saves it having to go through the formal, underwritten IPO process and all of the questions this brings, primarily regarding Dell's sizeable debt pile.
One of the alternatives floated out there in previous months was a reverse merger with VMware after going public again, but this will not be the route the company takes now.
What next?
Upon closure of the deal, expected for Q4 this year, this means that Dell Technologies will once again be a public company, with all of the rigours of quarterly reporting and keeping investors happy which that brings.
Michael Dell, who currently owns 72% of Dell Technologies common shares, is a big winner of the deal. He will own somewhere between 47-54% of the newly public company and will continue to serve as chairman and CEO.
It also means Dell now has more control over VMware moving forward, as it wrests control back from the owners of that tracking stock.
However VMware will remain a separate publicly traded company to Dell Technologies, similar to how Pivotal - which is majority owned by Dell - went public earlier this year.
Craig Lowery, research director at Gartner, believes the timing is right for this move from Dell as the company has already taken advantage of the autonomy going private brought and now can focus on "more consolidation to the Dell Technologies portfolio by removing the tracking stock, while allowing Michael Dell and Silver Lake to maintain control of VMware, and positioning Dell to become a publicly traded company again," he said.
More importantly Lowery sees this move as vital to Dell's long term ability to compete with the public cloud vendors.
"It is also essential for Dell to position itself to deal with this threat by further deepening investments to deliver products and services that leverage the public cloud trend, rather than depend upon prolonged and direct competition with it as an alternate source of IT infrastructure," he said.
"A rebirth of Dell as a publicly traded company could give it more latitude to acquire capabilities quickly to shore up this competitive threat."

MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — A suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at the gate of a popular restaurant in Somalia’s capital, and gunmen were fighting their way inside, police said Wednesday night.
A hostage situation was under way at the Pizza House restaurant, said Capt. Mohamed Hussein. Many of the restaurant’s workers are foreigners, mostly from Ethiopia.
Hussein had no immediate information about any casualties.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas of Mogadishu, including hotels, military checkpoints and areas near the presidential palace. It has vowed to step up attacks after the recently elected government launched a new military offensive against it.
Al-Shabab last year became the deadliest Islamic extremist group in Africa, with more than 4,200 people killed in 2016, according to the Washington-based Africa Center for Strategic Studies.
—
This version corrects the name of the restaurant to Pizza House.

It's official: Boxing champion Floyd Mayweather will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a fight that has already attracted big bets in Las Vegas.
The fight will be held Aug. 26 in Las Vegas.
Mayweather is currently a -1,100 favorite at the Westgate SuperBook, with McGregor paying back 700.
The Westgate posted odds on the fight in February, with Mayweather opening as a -2,500 favorite. The early action was almost all on the underdog McGregor, driving the price down on Mayweather to as low as -800.
On May 30, the Westgate took a $50,000 bet on Mayweather at -800, two weeks before the fight was made official. That bet would net a $6,250 profit with a Mayweather win.
As of Tuesday afternoon, 92 percent of the bets placed on the fight at the Westgate were on McGregor, including multiple $1,000 bets.
"There's going to be a lot of McGregor support," said Westgate assistant manager Jeff Sherman, who oversees the boxing odds. "A lot of tickets, a lot of probably $20 bets, $100 bets that might keep the price down. But I know you're going to see, once the fight is officially announced, larger wagers come in and support Mayweather."
Las Vegas sportsbook operator CG Technology also had seen primarily McGregor money before the fight was announced.
"The ticket count is a lot [on McGregor] to three [on Mayweather]," Jason Simbal, vice president of risk for CG Technology, told ESPN on Tuesday.
But in the first few hours after the fight was made official Wednesday, CG Technology took a $45,000 bet on Mayweather.
The fight had already generated close to $100,000 in betting handle at the SuperBook.
"Usually, you put these up in anticipating of a marquee event to try to draw some handle, but it's usually the smaller variety," Sherman said Tuesday. "We've seen some dime wagers [$1,000] on McGregor and the support that we saw on Mayweather. There are people who are betting a little more than usual for a fight that hasn't been announced yet."
MGM sportsbook managers found out the fight was official Wednesday afternoon by watching TV reports and began the process of putting up the odds for a fight they expect to be a massive betting event.
"It's going to be huge," MGM sportsbook manager Jeff Stoneback said. "It may not bring in the money of the Pacquiao-Mayweather fight, but I think it will exceed that fight in number of tickets."?

TORONTO — Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne sued the Opposition leader for defamation Monday, less than six months away from the June provincial election.
The legal action stems from comments Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown made in September, a day before Wynne testified as a witness at a trial in Sudbury, Ont., involving two provincial Liberals facing Election Act bribery charges.
Brown told reporters he hoped Wynne would give answers about the scandal “maybe when she stands trial” and went on to describe her as a “sitting premier, sitting in trial.”
The premier was not on trial and had waived parliamentary privilege in order to testify as a witness.
The Tory leader refused to apologize for the statements both after an initial letter from Wynne’s lawyer and following a libel notice in October, saying he would “ignore her baseless legal threat.” His lawyer has said the statements were not defamatory.
Wynne’s legal team filed a statement of claim in court Monday that seeks $100,000 in general, aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages. Brown’s statements harmed Wynne’s reputation, they wrote.
“The deliberate, malicious conduct of the defendant in publishing the defamatory statements is part of an ongoing campaign engineered by the defendant and others to harm the plaintiff’s reputation,” Wynne’s lawyers wrote.
“The defendant’s egregious misconduct in publishing statements that he knew to be false, his ongoing refusal to retract these false statements, and his high-handed and oppressive conduct in stating to media and directly to the world at large that the plaintiff’s complaints were baseless and would be ignored, all justify an award of aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages against the defendant.”
Wynne’s spokeswoman said the statement of claim was filed to preserve the premier’s ability to continue with the legal case.
“We continue to remain hopeful that this issue can be resolved with an apology from Patrick Brown for his defamatory remarks,” Jenn Beaudry wrote. “It should be that simple. However, if he continues to refuse to apologize we will have the ability to continue legal action.”
Brown has not yet filed a statement of defence.
Progressive Conservative Bill Walker also made remarks in September suggesting the premier was under investigation and facing charges in connection with the Sudbury bribery trial. He apologized hours after receiving a letter from Wynne’s lawyers.
“Mr. Walker’s apology and retraction were widely reported in the media and there can be no doubt that the situation was extensively discussed by (Brown) and his staff,” Wynne’s lawyers wrote.
“As a result, the defendant was fully aware that the Walker statements were false, and that Mr. Walker had retracted them and issued a public apology.”
The two Liberals on trial in Sudbury were ultimately acquitted.
Wynne previously sued the former Progressive Conservative leader, Tim Hudak, and another Tory member of provincial parliament after the pair said she oversaw — and possibly ordered — the destruction of documents related to two cancelled gas plants. Those are allegations for which two McGuinty-era staffers are on trial and awaiting a judge’s decision.
That lawsuit was resolved in 2015, though it is not known whether it was settled or withdrawn.

Getty Image
As the fallout from disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein’s predatory behavior continues, new allegations of sexual misconduct have been levied against Vincent Cirrincione, Halle Berry‘s ex-manager and Taraji P. Henson‘s current. According to the Washington Post, Cirrincione “made unwanted sexual advances toward” at least eight African-American women and one Asian-American woman who came forward with stories of abuse “over a period of two decades.” Because of his attachment to Berry and Henson’s star power, these young women viewed him “as an important gatekeeper for” minority actresses.
Per the Post‘s interviews with these nine women, “as well as friends, family members and others in whom the women said they confided aspects of their interactions with Cirrincione”:
Three of the women say he pushed for sex as a condition for representing them, and that he did not take them on when they refused. A fourth said he offered to help advance her career if she agreed to have sex with him monthly. A fifth actress said he masturbated in front of her in his office during the years he managed her.
In a statement, Cirrincione acknowledged claims that he pursued sexual relationships with various women while committed to others but denied allegations of leveraging sex for career advancement. “I can say without a doubt that I have never used favors, sexual or otherwise, as a reason for managing anyone,” he said. “I want to make it clear that not one of those relationships were anything but consensual.” Cirrincione apologized profusely, adding that he did not want to “diminish anyone’s feelings or experiences,” but he nonetheless denied the harsher allegations.

Today in 5 Lines
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the “eroding level of trust” between the president and his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, drove Trump to ask for Flynn’s resignation—an account that differs from those of White House reporters. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said it’s highly likely that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn’s talks with the Russian ambassador. Officials said F.B.I. agents interviewed Flynn shortly after Trump took office. The Office of Government Ethics issued a letter urging the White House to investigate Kellyanne Conway, a top adviser to Trump, and “consider taking disciplinary action against her” for endorsing Ivanka Trump’s label. And Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, asked White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus to provide more information on “widespread reports that sensitive information may have been shared or discussed in a common area at Mar-a-Lago” by Trump over the weekend.
Recommended: The Nationalist Right Is Coming for Priebus
Today on The Atlantic
‘Who Knew What, and When?’: Krishnadev Calamur recaps key events leading up to the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.
A Ship Without a Captain: Michael Flynn’s resignation calls attention to problems within Donald Trump’s National Security Council whose success “depends critically on the ability of a competent staff working directly for the president to orchestrate it.” (Eliot A. Cohen)
No Time to Waste: Donald Trump’s Cabinet, “while growing, still has too many empty seats.” Andrew McGill illustrates how Trump’s Cabinet compares with his predecessors’ after the same amount of time in office.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.
Snapshot
Testifying before the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the Fed will likely need to raise interest rates at an upcoming meeting. Joshua Roberts / Reuters More
Recommended: Why Flynn's Resignation Matters
What We’re Reading
A New Normal: The Washington Post reports that White House aides, concerned about a potential staff shake-up, are trying “to avoid appearing ‘weak’ or ‘low­ energy.’” (Ashley Parker and Philip Rucker)
‘The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn’: The White House claims that Trump asked for his national-security adviser’s resignation because he misled the administration. But, writes Bloomberg’s Eli Lake, “a better explanation here is that Flynn was just thrown under the bus.”
Facing Reality: Sarah Kliff spoke with “people who struck out on their own—left a job, started a business, went back to school”—after the passage of the Affordable Care Act. Now, that career freedom is threatened as the law faces an uncertain future under the Trump administration. (Vox)
On the Downlow: While the Trump administration’s daily activities take up the national spotlight, Congress has been getting to work. Not on big-ticket campaign promises, but “a hand-picked collection of discrete measures” aimed at dismantling Obama-era regulations. (Lisa Mascaro, The Los Angeles Times)
The Dog Who Caught the Car?: For years, Obamacare repeal has been “a winning Republican message—an indictment of its polarizing namesake, of big-spending Democrats and of the boogeyman of creeping socialism all rolled into one.” But how will Republicans do it—and will Trump support them? (Robert Draper, The New York Times Magazine)
Recommended: How to Build an Autocracy
Visualized
In Spicer’s House: The White House press secretary has “upended some of the longstanding traditions” of the daily press briefings. Take a look at these graphics to learn how the process has changed. (Larry Buchanan and Karen Yourish, The New York Times)
Question of the Week
On Monday, February 20, we’ll celebrate Presidents’ Day. This week, we’d like to know: What U.S. president do you admire most—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)
Read more from The Atlantic:
This article was originally published on The Atlantic.

COSTA MESA — After three steps, Austin Ekeler knew he was getting to the end zone.
Early in the fourth quarter last Sunday, the Chargers called a trap play, sending their offensive linemen to the right. A half-second later, Ekeler cut back to his left. The Philadelphia defense was out of position, and the 5-foot-10 running back saw a clear path to the goal line, 35 yards away.
First career carry, first career touchdown.
“It didn’t end up going the way we planned as far as blocking scheme,” Ekeler said. “But you know, running back, it’s the most instinctive position. You’ve got to react to things when things go bad, and make something happen.”
He did. And this Sunday at MetLife Stadium, he will face the Giants (10 a.m. PT, Ch. 13) as the Chargers’ No. 2 tailback. Not bad for an undrafted rookie out of Western State.
Ekeler’s touchdown was one of the bright spots in the Chargers’ 26-24 loss to the Eagles — and another reminder that, every year, NFL talent evaluators miss on talent. Buried on the depth chart at the start of training camp, the 22-year-old gradually climbed up the ladder. He flashed his skills in space, totaling 108 yards from scrimmage in a preseason finale against the 49ers.
But since the regular season started, Ekeler has only gotten 12 offensive snaps. That should change at the Meadowlands this weekend. The Chargers (0-4) ruled out Branden Oliver with a hamstring injury on Friday, giving Ekeler a chance as Melvin Gordon’s primary backup.
For a winless team averaging just 67.5 rushing yards per game, the change presents few downsides. Only three NFL franchises have been worse on the ground this season: the Dolphins (66.3), the Giants (59.2) and the Cardinals (57.0).
“He’s a little bit of an unproven commodity from the standpoint of regular-season games,” offensive coordinator Ken Whisenhunt said of Ekeler, “so it’s not like we have a 30-play package designed for him. But there are certain things you try to put him in for and see if you can use some of the things he does well.”
One standout trait? Two years ago in Indianapolis, Gordon ran his 40-yard dash in 4.52 seconds. A year before that, Oliver recorded the same time at his pro day.
Earlier this year, Ekeler needed just 4.43 seconds in a guest spot at Colorado’s pro day, which would have ranked fourth among running backs at the NFL combine.
“Speed, speed, speed,” Ekeler said. “That’s what you’re gonna get — speed and agility.”
Turf wars
The Chargers have played in four different stadiums since the start of the 2017 preseason. Sunday’s visit to MetLife Stadium is the first time they will play on synthetic turf.
At least one player isn’t concerned about the adjustment.
“Don’t think so,” said safety Tre Boston. “Warm up for 20 to 30 minutes, should be fine.”
NFL players generally prefer to play on real grass, though such surfaces can be impractical to maintain in places with cold winters.
Two years ago, Sports Illustrated produced a ranking of NFL fields, synthesizing input from players as well as stadium groundskeepers. MetLife Stadium’s UBU Speed Series S5-M Synthetic Turf slotted in at No. 14. The same brand of turf was re-installed at the venue in spring of 2016.
Injury report
Rookie receiver Mike Williams was ruled out for Sunday’s game, along with Oliver. Limited since May by a herniated disc in his lower back, the No. 7 overall pick has yet to make his NFL debut.
Linebacker Jatavis Brown — the NFL’s third-leading tackler — and right tackle Joe Barksdale are questionable to play against the Giants (0-4). Recovering from respective ankle and foot injuries, the two could be game-time decisions at MetLife Stadium.
Linebacker Nick Dzubnar and offensive lineman Michael Schofield will likely step into the starting lineup if Brown or Barksdale don’t suit up.
Receiver Tyrell Williams (neck) and tight end Sean McGrath (foot) are also listed as questionable, but both were full participants in every practice this week.
The Chargers may consider activating Andre Williams off the practice squad to supplement the running back depth chart — a move that would pit the 5-foot-11 back against his old team. A fourth-round pick by the Giants, the former Heisman finalist ran for 721 yards and seven touchdowns as a rookie in 2014.

Feel like getting away for the weekend? Why not head down the QEW and make your way to Toronto. Lifestyle expert Liv Judd tells us how to spend a full 48 hours in the six.

Emergency crews responded to a house fire Friday morning in which one person was found badly injured in the backyard of the home.
It happened on Harry Drive near Wooddale Boulevard in Baton Rouge.
The Baton Rouge Fire Department reported a man was taken to the hospital in critical condition. Firefighters said he had climbed through a window to escape the flames.
Firemen are searching the home for other possible victims.
The cause of the fire has not been determined.
The Baton Rouge Police Department and State Fire Marshal's Office are also on the scene.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.

INDIANAPOLIS — The Indianapolis Colts arrived for practice Wednesday in T-shirts supporting a suburban Indianapolis community rocked by last week's school shooting.
Players and coaches wore the "Noblesville strong" shirts throughout their workout. Team employees pitched in by wearing them around the team complex.
Two people were injured in the shooting, including Jason Seaman, a teacher and former FCS football player who stopped the alleged shooter at Noblesville Middle School. Colts offensive lineman Joe Haeg said he knew Seaman because they squared off in conference play.
Seaman attended Southern Illinois and his college number, 91, was on the shirts. Haeg attended FCS power North Dakota State.

Ah, Balenciaga: at it again. Pushing all those social media buttons and getting everyone het up to such an extent that they have just become complicit in making an item in the men’s collection a veritable phenomenon simply on the back of an Instagram post.
When will we stop swallowing the bait? One moment there’s a picture online, and the next it has spawned 1,000 memes — all of which lead back to the source, and all of which play right into the hands of the very canny designer Demna Gvasalia.
He understands as well as anyone how to ride the hype cycle and bend the free-floating and often indiscriminate desire of the digisphere to use fashion as target practice to his own advantage.
I am speaking, of course, of the T-shirt shirt, a men’s wear product from the Balenciaga fall 2018 collection that is exactly what it sounds like: a cotton T-shirt twinned to a cotton button-up shirt in complementary colors that can be worn with the long-sleeved shirt draped on the front, or the T-shirt draped off the back.

Mrityunjay Bose, DH News Service, Mumbai, Oct 6 2017, 19:13 IST
In a significant political development that would dominate the political scenario of Maharashtra for some time, veteran politician Narayan Rane on Friday announced joining the BJP-NDA.
On the eve of Gandhi jayanti and a day after Dassera, Rane had floated Maharashtra Swabhiman Paksha (MSP) after leaving the Congress- with which he was associated for 12 years after he was expelled from Shiv Sena by Balasaheb Thackeray.
"For the overall development of Maharashtra, for addressing the issues of the people and give impetus to the growth of Konkan region, the MSP is joining the NDA," Rane said.
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis and state BJP president Raosaheb Patil-Danve had sent feelers to the political heavyweight to join the NDA.
"Couple of days ago, the chief minister requested me to join NDA. I had asked for two days time. Accordingly, we are joining the NDA," he told reporters in his home district of Sindhudurg.
However, Rane, a Maratha leader and a former chief minister, has not yet said anything whether he would join the ministry.
The Shiv Sena, which is the oldest partner of BJP, is yet to react on the development. "We have not been conveyed anything officially," a senior Sena leader said.
Rane is a bete noire of Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray and they do not leave any chance to target each other politically.
In fact, since the time he formed MSP, he had come to the defence of prime minister Narendra Modi on the issue of bullet train project and had been seen stonewalling criticism of Uddhav and his estranged cousin and MNS president Raj Thackeray.
Rane's entry into the NDA would come as a major breather to Fadnavis, who has been under constant attack of the Sena. Uddhav's party has been attacking Modi and BJP president Amit Shah.

Holiday Sunday, holiday Monday, long holiday weekend — all that made for average to boring TV viewing. Seven last night was the exception, where My Kitchen Rules came back, accompanied by the grubby Seven Year Switch, which is really a reworked version of Married At First Sight (Switch averaged 922,000 national — 618,000 metro and 304,000 regional viewers), but less entertaining.
Those numbers made it Seven’s night, and a very easy win it was because nothing interesting was on the other networks, with the exception of the ABC’s John Clarke tribute at 8pm.
The presence of MKR and a grudge episode in the final home eatery contest made sure Seven won big. The season high 2.41 million national audience last night (1.65 million metro and 756,000 regional viewers) gave Seven an easy win in the regions and the demos and will bring a smile to the face of many at the network after the early weakness of the series.
The ABC rested its Monday night line up of news and current affairs stalwarts, and that was a good thing because it allowed the ABC to broadcast its heartfelt obit to the late John Clarke, Thanks for your time — a wonderful, fitting tribute that deserved to be longer. Even if the usual line up of news and current affairs programs had been in place, it would have stood out. Those at the Nine Network who flicked Clarke and Dawes from A Current Affair should have been named and shamed (just for fun). The rest of the night, indeed the rest of the weekend shrank in comparison to the Clarke tribute — 1.46 million national viewers (995,000/475,000).
MKR dominated the regions as well with a season high of 756,000 viewers, followed by Seven News with 724,000, Seven News/Today Tonight was 3rd with 590,000, followed by Home and Away with 486,000, then Thanks for your time in 5th with 475,000.
In breakfast, Seven’s Sunrise won last week and won yesterday nationally (472,000 to 374,000, which is what the Today mob ignores in the media moaning) and in the metros on a holiday Monday; 280,000 to 247,000. — Read the rest on the Crikey website

F/S Vortex Viper 4x12 40 w/ bubble level & rings
For Sale Vortex Viper 4x12 40 mm scope with Vortex bubble level and either Leupold Low or Medium matt rings. The scope was mounted for 6 mo and the rifle thereafter sold. The scope is in perfect condition. Complete in original box with goodies. Compare new - scope only- at $350. Shipped $265.
Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger

Ambode’s wife counsels mothers on children’s immunisation
By Monsur Olowoopejo
Lagos—Wife of Lagos State Governor, Mrs. Bolanle Ambode yesterday urged mothers to always immunize their children against killer diseases, just as she encouraged pregnant women to cultivate the habit of washing their hands to avoid infection.
Mrs Ambode, who spoke during the presentation of gifts to first babies of the year at three different health centres in the state, said it was important for mothers to always ensure that children have the full complement of routine immunization, while expectant mothers should always attend ante and post natal clinics.
The wife of the governor, during the celebration, presented gifts to first babies of the year at Badagry General Hospital, Amuwo Odofin Maternal and Child Centre and Lagos Island Maternity Hospital.
The annual First-Baby-of-the-Year celebration started in 2000 and the Office of the First Lady, through the initiative, celebrates the first baby born from 12 midnight on new year’s eve.
Speaking at the occasion, Mrs Ambode said nursing mothers should take advantage of routine immunization provided by the State Government through the primary healthcare centres to protect their children.
She said: “I would like to encourage mothers to always ensure that children have the full complement of routine immunization available in all the primary healthcare centres across the State, and to also make good use of family planning services.
“Expectant mothers should cultivate the habit of washing their hands to avoid infection and should attend ante natal and post natal clinics regularly,” she noted.
Mrs Ambode, however, counseled parents on the importance of birth registration upon delivery.
Earlier in his remarks, the commissioner for health, Dr. Jide Idris, noted that the administration of Governor Akinwunmi Ambode was committed to meeting the health needs of the residents of Lagos State.
The post Ambode’s wife counsels mothers on children’s immunisation appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.