There's a surprising twist to Regina Willoughby's last season with Columbia City Ballet: It's also her 18-year-old daughter Melina's first season with the company. Regina, 40, will retire from the stage in March, just as her daughter starts her own career as a trainee. But for this one season, they're sharing the stage together.
Performing Side-By-Side In The Nutcracker
Regina and Melina are not only dancing in the same Nutcracker this month, they're onstage at the same time: Regina is doing Snow Queen, while Melina is in the snow corps, and they're both in the Arabian divertissement. "It's very surreal to be dancing it together," says Regina. "I don't know that I ever thought Melina would take ballet this far."
Left: Regina and Melina with another company member post-snow scene in 2003. Right: The pair post-snow scene in 2017 (in the same theater)
Keep reading at dancemagazine.com.

TAIPEI (Taiwan News)—Most people know that Zhuzihu (竹子湖) is home to Yangmingshan's calla lilies, but few have any idea that the valley tucked between Taipei’s Mt. Tatun and Mt. Qixing was the earliest breeding base of Ponlai Rice (Japonica rice) when Taiwan was under Japanese colonial rule (1895 to 1945). A couple of trails in Zhuzihu have been renovated and connected by Taipei’s Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) to serve as a reminder of the local rice culture in the old days.
During the Japanese colonial period, a Japanese engineer found that the Zhuzihu area was very suitable for planting short-grained Japanese rice cultivars because the area was situated on high terrain, the temperatures were low and the water quality was good. Therefore, cultivation of rice began in the area as early as in the 1920s.
The GEO said that using the Waterwheel Liao (水車寮) at Dinghu (頂湖) as the center, the office had connected the Waterwheel Liao trail, which was used for hauling rice in the old days, with the newly renovated irrigation ditch trail (水圳步徑) to form a circular trail network. For a connection with the historic rice culture of this area, start a walking tour from the Zhuzihu Ponlai Rice Foundation Seed Field Story House (竹子湖蓬萊米故事館), stroll the trails between the farm fields and hydrangea gardens, and end the tour at the original site of the Ponlai cultivation (蓬來米原種田), the GEO recommended.
Members of the public are recommended to take Bus S8 and S9 and get off at Zhuzihu (Hutian Elementary School). Walk for five minutes along the Waterwheel Liao trail to reach the irrigation ditch trail; the whole trip takes about 20 minutes.

KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Mike Moustakas helped the Kansas City Royals take a nine-run lead in the second inning. They nearly gave it all away.
Moustakas homered, doubled and drove in four runs in the first two innings, Jorge Soler went 4 for 5 with a home run, but the Royals nearly blew the big lead before holding on for a 11-8 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday night.
Moustakas' double in the first scored Jon Jay and Alcides Escobar. Moustakas' 12th homer was a towering two-run shot in the second that just made it into the front row of the right-field seats and barely fair.
According to Statcast, it had a 46-degree launch angle, the highest in the majors this season, and carried 339 feet.
"I knew I hit it good, but I just wasn't sure if it would stay fair and if it was going to go far enough," Moustakas said. "That was a high one for sure."
The Royals sent 11 men to the plate in a seven-run second to build a 9-0 lead. Soler nearly had a two-run homer in the inning, but after a review it was changed to a run-producing double. The second inning also included Ryan Goins' two-run triple.
Every Royals starter had scored in the first two innings, but it almost wasn't enough.
"We just couldn't slow them down," Royals manager Ned Yost said. "We weren't throwing strikes. We were leaving balls up. They just kept adding on, adding on, adding on."
The Twins chipped away at the Royals' lead, including bases-empty home runs by Brian Dozier and Ehrie Adrianza in the fifth and sixth innings, respectively.
"We fought back and then getting right back in the dugout," Dozier said. "We were right where we needed to be as far as momentum shifting our way. We just couldn't capitalize on it."
Miguel Sano hit a two-run double in the Twins' four-run sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar's two-out single, cutting the Royals' lead to 9-8. Brian Flynn then struck out Max Kepler to end the sixth with runners on second and third, preserving the Royals' lead.
Sano had a RBI single in the third and has hit in 17 consecutive games against the Royals with 30 RBIs in that span.
Hunter Dozier led off the Kansas City seventh with his first career home run. Soler homered in the eighth for his fourth hit, matching his career high.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters he faced and earned the victory.
"I didn't want to use McCarthy today," Yost said. "He's been in four out of five, but we were at the point we had to. He came in and did a phenomenal job."
Kelvin Herrera protected the lead with a spotless ninth for his 12th save.
Twins rookie right-hander Fernando Romero (3-2) retired only five of the 15 batters he faced. Romero allowed eight runs and nine hits, a walk and a sacrifice fly. His ERA jumped from 1.88 to 4.15.
"They were jumping me from the first pitch," Romero said. "They were just hitting everything."
Jay singled in the seventh to extend his hitting streak to 12 games. Jay finished May with a .368 average and leads the majors with 43 hits in the month.
ONE MORE OUT
Several Royals players began walking off the field in the fifth after turning a double play. The only problem was there were only two outs.
ROSTER MOVES
Twins: RHP Aaron Slegers was recalled from Triple-A Rochester. He came in after Romero's early exit and allowed two runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings. The Twins optioned Slegers back down to Rochester after the game.
Royals: RHP Trevor Oaks was recalled from Triple-A Omaha. He gave up three runs and five hits and a walk over 1 2/3 innings in his second big league appearance.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: CF Byron Buxton (fractured left toe) went back on the disabled list with the toe still impeding his game. ... RHP Ervin Santana (hand) was recalled from his minor league rehab assignment with swelling and having trouble gripping the ball. He will be re-examined.
Royals: RHP Blaine Boyer (strained back) was placed on the 10-day disabled list. Boyer was 2-0, but had an 11.76 ERA in 20 relief appearances.
UP NEXT
Twins: RHP Jake Odorizzi is the scheduled starter as the Twins open a four-game series with AL Central leader Cleveland at Target Field. RHP Shane Bieber will start for the Indians, making his big league debut.
Royals: They have Thursday off before beginning a three-game series Friday with Oakland. Kansas City RHP Ian Kennedy will start the opener.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball

--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--IMDb (NASDAQ:AMZN):
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005519/en/
Pom Klementieff receives the IMDb Fan Favorite STARmeter Award in the Breakout Category on April 23, 2018 on the set of “The IMDb Show” in Studio City, CA (Photo: Business Wire)
About IMDb
IMDb is the world’s most popular and authoritative source for movie, TV and celebrity content. The IMDb consumer site ( www.imdb.com ) is the #1 movie website in the world with a combined web and mobile audience of more than 250 million unique monthly visitors. IMDb offers a searchable database of more than 250 million data items including more than 4 million movies, TV and entertainment programs and more than 8 million cast and crew members. Consumers rely on the information IMDb provides -- including local movie showtimes, ticketing, trailers, critic and user reviews, personalized recommendations, photo galleries, entertainment news, quotes, trivia, box-office data, editorial feature sections and a universal Watchlist – when deciding what to watch and where to watch it. IMDb’s portfolio of leading entertainment apps ( http://www.imdb.com/apps/ ) includes its popular “Movies & TV” app for iPhone, iPad, Kindle Fire, Android phones, Android tablets and its mobile-optimized website. To date, there have been more than 150 million downloads of IMDb’s mobile apps worldwide. IMDb's X-Ray for Movies & TV Shows ( www.imdb.com/x-ray ) is a feature that revolutionizes the viewing experience by bringing the power of IMDb directly to Kindle Fire HD, Fire TV and Fire TV Stick. IMDb’s Facebook page ( https://www.facebook.com/imdb ) and official Twitter account ( https://twitter.com/imdb ) are followed by more than 12 million passionate entertainment fans. IMDbPro ( http://www.imdbpro.com ) is the essential resource for entertainment industry professionals. This membership-based service includes comprehensive information and tools that are designed to help entertainment industry professionals achieve success throughout all stages of their career. IMDbPro offers members the following: detailed contact and representation information; tools to manage and showcase their IMDb profile, including the ability to select their primary images and the credits they are best “known for”; exclusive STARmeter rankings that are determined by page views on IMDb; the IMDbPro app for iPhone and more. Additionally, IMDb owns and operates Withoutabox ( http://www.withoutabox.com ), the premier submission service for film festivals and filmmakers, and Box Office Mojo ( http://www.boxofficemojo.com ), the leading online source of box-office data. IMDb.com is operated by IMDb.com, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) ( http://www.amazon.com ). To learn more, go to: http://www.imdb.com/press.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005519/en/
CONTACT: IMDb PR
Katie Sann,ksann@imdb.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT TV AND RADIO TECHNOLOGY INTERNET FILM & MOTION PICTURES CELEBRITY GENERAL ENTERTAINMENT SOCIAL MEDIA COMMUNICATIONS ONLINE
SOURCE: IMDb
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005519/en

KINGSPORT, TN (WJHL) – News Channel 11 obtained 911 dispatch calls surrounding the incident at Eastman.
The audio depicted an urgency to get all firefighters to the scene, and News Channel 11’s Elizabeth Kuebel spoke to some of the people responding to those calls for help.
Kingsport Fire Department Senior Captain Terry Arnold responded to Eastman Wednesday morning.
He says the initial call came in asking for what’s called a full assignment, which means five engines and a ladder truck. Arnold said it was an unusual request considering the chemical company usually asks for one engine.
“We knew if Eastman was asking for that much, they had something that was or could be even worse,” Arnold said.
The senior captain said he was on site for the second explosion. He said he felt the ground shake.
Arnold worked at Eastman for several years as a paramedic, and he said he knew the sights and sounds of the company, but what he experienced Wednesday was different.
We asked Arnold what the scene looked like. He said, “It was a blast zone. An explosion happened, it was very apparent. There was a lot of damage, but it could have been a lot worse.”
Arnold also said responders actually pulled up News Channel 11 video capturing the moment of the explosion, and said it really helped give them a better understanding of the scene they were responding to.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.

Immediately, the magnitude of the task facing Lionel Messi came conveniently and acutely into view. He stood, upright and proud, for the Argentinian national anthem ahead of its first pre-World Cup tuneup friendly against Haiti in Buenos Aires on Tuesday, a 4-0 rout for the home team.
The camera, as usual, lingered on him as it slowly panned the rest of the Albiceleste. And as it framed soccer’s little supernova, it couldn’t help but capture the tall, bald man to his right in the frame. No avoiding it. Because Willy Caballero, that man, is a good half-foot taller than Messi is. And with the lights caroming off his shiny dome, he’s hard to miss.
The challenge for Messi at the World Cup in Russia is, essentially, men like Caballero.
In a macro sense, there’s nothing wrong with Caballero per se. He’s an admirable man who has risen to the top of his profession. Spending the past few seasons with Manchester City and Chelsea of the Premier League puts him in the one percent of the one percent of the world’s goalkeepers. Yet in Messi’s quest to finally win a World Cup, after falling short in extra time of the final against Germany four years ago, a Willy Caballero just won’t do.
Two seasons ago, he started 26 games for City after manager Pep Guardiola finally gave up on Joe Hart. Last season, at Chelsea, he played in 13 more games. Not bad for a backup, which is what he has been since leaving Malaga in 2014. But Caballero is hardly in the rarefied atmosphere of goalkeepers. He is nowhere near the half-dozen or so best in the world at his position.
You don’t strictly need one of those to win the World Cup. Although Germany had one and Spain had one in 2010 and Italy had one in 2006. But it helps. And Messi needs all the help he can get.
Sure, he has Gonzalo Higuain, one of the world’s top strikers, even though he’s never shaken a penchant of missing the most important chances of all. And he has Sergio Aguero, who remains one of the world’s deadliest forwards, yet has never quite meshed with Messi on the national team. Paolo Dybala offers creativity, even though he wasn’t as influential at Juventus this past season in spite of scoring more goals than ever.
Story Continues
There’s lots of experience in the squad with holding midfielder Javier Mascherano and winger Angel Di Maria, who combine for 235 caps and 25 years on the national team. There are some capable playmakers and some threatening wingers. Manager Jorge Sampaoli might even cobble together a passable defense from the driftwood and spare parts he’s collected.
And Caballero will probably do okay. Even though he’s 36 and played in just his third cap against Tuesday. Starting goalkeeper Sergio Romero, who has held the job for the last decade, is injured.
But that’s the issue with this team. Messi excepted, they’re all mostly just … fine.
(Getty)
Almost nobody in this side is at the peak of his prime. And, sure, the spine of this team played in consecutive finals in the World Cup and two Copa Americas in three straight summers from 2014 through 2016, losing all of them in extra time or on penalties. A team’s peak, however, can slip away from one summer to the next — let alone two of them. There are, at present, no difference makers in the lineup besides Messi. Only Dybala perhaps might alter a game on his own, should he suddenly recapture his best form, but then he seldom starts as he tends to get in Messi’s way.
Which means Messi will pretty much have to do it all himself. And there’s obvious danger in such a scheme. It’s the same one that backfired for FC Barcelona this season, when it stranded in the quarterfinal of the Champions League for a third straight year when Messi had a not-entirely-stellar series against AS Roma. Absent an attacking alternative for Messi, with Neymar sold to Paris Saint-Germain in spite of the club’s ardent resistance, it was prone on the Argentine’s rare sub-par days.
Winning the World Cup means navigating a high-stakes, three-game group stage and then surviving four straight knockout games. It requires a huge amount of luck. But most of all, it takes a handful of players who can put the team on their back when the other stars aren’t up to it. You don’t dominate every day. That’s the nature of soccer. You dribbles don’t come off sometimes, and your shots will refuse to find the target in certain games.
On Tuesday, against a fairly fetid opponent with no attacking ambitions whatsoever, it all worked. Messi made dicing runs and dispatched atom-splitting passes, scored a hat-trick, and got an assist.
After Giovani Lo Celso was flattened by Ricardo Ade in the Haitian box in the first half, Messi converted the penalty.
In the second act, he swept home the rebound from Lo Celso’s header on Higuain’s cross, which was parried by goalkeeper Johnny Placide.
Messi again!! This time he cleans up a rebound to make it ✌ for @Argentina over @fhfhaiti. Watch live now on #beINSPORTS and #beINSPORTSCONNECT https://t.co/LRYa03eva8 pic.twitter.com/SqbA8EIryn — beIN SPORTS USA (@beINSPORTSUSA) May 30, 2018
Christian Pavon wormed his way through the back line and cut back to Messi, who beat Placide a third time.
⚽ Messi completes his hat-trick and @Argentina are flying in their @FIFAWorldCup warmup. pic.twitter.com/Qprn2lVxZR — beIN SPORTS USA (@beINSPORTSUSA) May 30, 2018
And then Messi set up Aguero for a fourth with a perfect through ball.
Another one!
This time Messi feeds it to @aguerosergiokun who makes it 4-0 for @Argentina over @fhfhaiti. pic.twitter.com/RSV7FEpcum — beIN SPORTS USA (@beINSPORTSUSA) May 30, 2018
When Messi is at his best, it all works well. But when he isn’t quite his transcendent self, his team can find itself searching feverishly for answers only he can provide. Remember Argentina’s epic struggle during World Cup qualifying, when Messi blew hot and cold?
Argentina will live by Messi or die by Messi. Which means, statistically, that its chances of survival all the way to the cup are slim.
Leander Schaerlaeckens is a Yahoo Sports soccer columnist and a sports communication lecturer at Marist College. Follow him on Twitter @LeanderAlphabet.
More World Cup from Yahoo Sports:
• 2018 World Cup preview hub
• FC Yahoo Mixer: Settling the great VAR debate
• World Cup Group A preview: Uruguay should dominate weak crop
• Bushnell: 32 takeaways from club season pertaining to Russia
• FC Yahoo Mixer: Power ranking the USMNT World Cup teams 1990-2014

Dell is taking an unconventional route back to public markets; we break it down for you
After retreating from public markets in 2013, Michael Dell is looking to take his eponymous computing company back onto the stock market via a complex deal involving its VMware tracking stock.
So what does that mean? And what will the impact be on the complex structure of Dell Technologies? We try to break it all down.
First off, it's best to outline the structure at Dell since its mega US$67 billion acquisition of EMC in 2015.
The result was a new parent company - called Dell Technologies - which sits above Dell, Dell EMC, Pivotal and VMware, roughly speaking.
So, first there is the flailing former servers and computing division of Dell, which is now Dell Client Solutions Group. Then there is Dell EMC, which focuses on data storage and services. Then there is VMware, the high-growth cloud computing and platform virtualisation software vendor EMC acquired in 2004 for $625 million.
There are some other divisions and sub-divisions - like RSA, SecureWorks and Virtustream - but that is the important stuff when it comes to this deal.
Going public
The publicly traded Dell went private in 2013 following a $25 billion deal with private equity business Silver Lake. Now, in order to re-enter the public markets, Dell must acquire back something called tracking stock.
This is a common stock issued by a parent company (in this case Dell Technologies) to track the performance of a particular division (VMware), without having claim on the assets of the division.
This effectively separates VMware's revenue and expenses from the parent company's financial statements. This allows investors to invest in VMware, even if they don't have faith in Dell Technologies as a whole.
So Dell established this stock after the EMC merger for the sole purpose of tracking VMware performance
Now, as part of this piece of corporate manoeuvring, Dell is widely reported to be looking to exchange that Dell Technologies (DVMT) tracking stock (known as Class V) with Dell's own privately held common stock (known as Class C) at a rate of 1.3665, or for $109 per share in cash, if the holder so chooses, and as long as the aggregate of that does not exceed $9 billion.
In short: the tracking stock will be eliminated as it is traded, at a premium, for Dell's privately owned common stock, which will then be directly listed on the public New York Stock Exchange. The complex details of that transaction can be found in this Dell press release.
Dell will then directly list this stock as a new class of shares under a yet-to-be-announced ticker symbol, on the public market. This route saves it having to go through the formal, underwritten IPO process and all of the questions this brings, primarily regarding Dell's sizeable debt pile.
One of the alternatives floated out there in previous months was a reverse merger with VMware after going public again, but this will not be the route the company takes now.
What next?
Upon closure of the deal, expected for Q4 this year, this means that Dell Technologies will once again be a public company, with all of the rigours of quarterly reporting and keeping investors happy which that brings.
Michael Dell, who currently owns 72% of Dell Technologies common shares, is a big winner of the deal. He will own somewhere between 47-54% of the newly public company and will continue to serve as chairman and CEO.
It also means Dell now has more control over VMware moving forward, as it wrests control back from the owners of that tracking stock.
However VMware will remain a separate publicly traded company to Dell Technologies, similar to how Pivotal - which is majority owned by Dell - went public earlier this year.
Craig Lowery, research director at Gartner, believes the timing is right for this move from Dell as the company has already taken advantage of the autonomy going private brought and now can focus on "more consolidation to the Dell Technologies portfolio by removing the tracking stock, while allowing Michael Dell and Silver Lake to maintain control of VMware, and positioning Dell to become a publicly traded company again," he said.
More importantly Lowery sees this move as vital to Dell's long term ability to compete with the public cloud vendors.
"It is also essential for Dell to position itself to deal with this threat by further deepening investments to deliver products and services that leverage the public cloud trend, rather than depend upon prolonged and direct competition with it as an alternate source of IT infrastructure," he said.
"A rebirth of Dell as a publicly traded company could give it more latitude to acquire capabilities quickly to shore up this competitive threat."

MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — A suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at the gate of a popular restaurant in Somalia’s capital, and gunmen were fighting their way inside, police said Wednesday night.
A hostage situation was under way at the Pizza House restaurant, said Capt. Mohamed Hussein. Many of the restaurant’s workers are foreigners, mostly from Ethiopia.
Hussein had no immediate information about any casualties.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas of Mogadishu, including hotels, military checkpoints and areas near the presidential palace. It has vowed to step up attacks after the recently elected government launched a new military offensive against it.
Al-Shabab last year became the deadliest Islamic extremist group in Africa, with more than 4,200 people killed in 2016, according to the Washington-based Africa Center for Strategic Studies.
—
This version corrects the name of the restaurant to Pizza House.

It's official: Boxing champion Floyd Mayweather will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a fight that has already attracted big bets in Las Vegas.
The fight will be held Aug. 26 in Las Vegas.
Mayweather is currently a -1,100 favorite at the Westgate SuperBook, with McGregor paying back 700.
The Westgate posted odds on the fight in February, with Mayweather opening as a -2,500 favorite. The early action was almost all on the underdog McGregor, driving the price down on Mayweather to as low as -800.
On May 30, the Westgate took a $50,000 bet on Mayweather at -800, two weeks before the fight was made official. That bet would net a $6,250 profit with a Mayweather win.
As of Tuesday afternoon, 92 percent of the bets placed on the fight at the Westgate were on McGregor, including multiple $1,000 bets.
"There's going to be a lot of McGregor support," said Westgate assistant manager Jeff Sherman, who oversees the boxing odds. "A lot of tickets, a lot of probably $20 bets, $100 bets that might keep the price down. But I know you're going to see, once the fight is officially announced, larger wagers come in and support Mayweather."
Las Vegas sportsbook operator CG Technology also had seen primarily McGregor money before the fight was announced.
"The ticket count is a lot [on McGregor] to three [on Mayweather]," Jason Simbal, vice president of risk for CG Technology, told ESPN on Tuesday.
But in the first few hours after the fight was made official Wednesday, CG Technology took a $45,000 bet on Mayweather.
The fight had already generated close to $100,000 in betting handle at the SuperBook.
"Usually, you put these up in anticipating of a marquee event to try to draw some handle, but it's usually the smaller variety," Sherman said Tuesday. "We've seen some dime wagers [$1,000] on McGregor and the support that we saw on Mayweather. There are people who are betting a little more than usual for a fight that hasn't been announced yet."
MGM sportsbook managers found out the fight was official Wednesday afternoon by watching TV reports and began the process of putting up the odds for a fight they expect to be a massive betting event.
"It's going to be huge," MGM sportsbook manager Jeff Stoneback said. "It may not bring in the money of the Pacquiao-Mayweather fight, but I think it will exceed that fight in number of tickets."?

TORONTO — Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne sued the Opposition leader for defamation Monday, less than six months away from the June provincial election.
The legal action stems from comments Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown made in September, a day before Wynne testified as a witness at a trial in Sudbury, Ont., involving two provincial Liberals facing Election Act bribery charges.
Brown told reporters he hoped Wynne would give answers about the scandal “maybe when she stands trial” and went on to describe her as a “sitting premier, sitting in trial.”
The premier was not on trial and had waived parliamentary privilege in order to testify as a witness.
The Tory leader refused to apologize for the statements both after an initial letter from Wynne’s lawyer and following a libel notice in October, saying he would “ignore her baseless legal threat.” His lawyer has said the statements were not defamatory.
Wynne’s legal team filed a statement of claim in court Monday that seeks $100,000 in general, aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages. Brown’s statements harmed Wynne’s reputation, they wrote.
“The deliberate, malicious conduct of the defendant in publishing the defamatory statements is part of an ongoing campaign engineered by the defendant and others to harm the plaintiff’s reputation,” Wynne’s lawyers wrote.
“The defendant’s egregious misconduct in publishing statements that he knew to be false, his ongoing refusal to retract these false statements, and his high-handed and oppressive conduct in stating to media and directly to the world at large that the plaintiff’s complaints were baseless and would be ignored, all justify an award of aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages against the defendant.”
Wynne’s spokeswoman said the statement of claim was filed to preserve the premier’s ability to continue with the legal case.
“We continue to remain hopeful that this issue can be resolved with an apology from Patrick Brown for his defamatory remarks,” Jenn Beaudry wrote. “It should be that simple. However, if he continues to refuse to apologize we will have the ability to continue legal action.”
Brown has not yet filed a statement of defence.
Progressive Conservative Bill Walker also made remarks in September suggesting the premier was under investigation and facing charges in connection with the Sudbury bribery trial. He apologized hours after receiving a letter from Wynne’s lawyers.
“Mr. Walker’s apology and retraction were widely reported in the media and there can be no doubt that the situation was extensively discussed by (Brown) and his staff,” Wynne’s lawyers wrote.
“As a result, the defendant was fully aware that the Walker statements were false, and that Mr. Walker had retracted them and issued a public apology.”
The two Liberals on trial in Sudbury were ultimately acquitted.
Wynne previously sued the former Progressive Conservative leader, Tim Hudak, and another Tory member of provincial parliament after the pair said she oversaw — and possibly ordered — the destruction of documents related to two cancelled gas plants. Those are allegations for which two McGuinty-era staffers are on trial and awaiting a judge’s decision.
That lawsuit was resolved in 2015, though it is not known whether it was settled or withdrawn.

Getty Image
As the fallout from disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein’s predatory behavior continues, new allegations of sexual misconduct have been levied against Vincent Cirrincione, Halle Berry‘s ex-manager and Taraji P. Henson‘s current. According to the Washington Post, Cirrincione “made unwanted sexual advances toward” at least eight African-American women and one Asian-American woman who came forward with stories of abuse “over a period of two decades.” Because of his attachment to Berry and Henson’s star power, these young women viewed him “as an important gatekeeper for” minority actresses.
Per the Post‘s interviews with these nine women, “as well as friends, family members and others in whom the women said they confided aspects of their interactions with Cirrincione”:
Three of the women say he pushed for sex as a condition for representing them, and that he did not take them on when they refused. A fourth said he offered to help advance her career if she agreed to have sex with him monthly. A fifth actress said he masturbated in front of her in his office during the years he managed her.
In a statement, Cirrincione acknowledged claims that he pursued sexual relationships with various women while committed to others but denied allegations of leveraging sex for career advancement. “I can say without a doubt that I have never used favors, sexual or otherwise, as a reason for managing anyone,” he said. “I want to make it clear that not one of those relationships were anything but consensual.” Cirrincione apologized profusely, adding that he did not want to “diminish anyone’s feelings or experiences,” but he nonetheless denied the harsher allegations.

Today in 5 Lines
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the “eroding level of trust” between the president and his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, drove Trump to ask for Flynn’s resignation—an account that differs from those of White House reporters. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said it’s highly likely that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn’s talks with the Russian ambassador. Officials said F.B.I. agents interviewed Flynn shortly after Trump took office. The Office of Government Ethics issued a letter urging the White House to investigate Kellyanne Conway, a top adviser to Trump, and “consider taking disciplinary action against her” for endorsing Ivanka Trump’s label. And Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, asked White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus to provide more information on “widespread reports that sensitive information may have been shared or discussed in a common area at Mar-a-Lago” by Trump over the weekend.
Recommended: The Nationalist Right Is Coming for Priebus
Today on The Atlantic
‘Who Knew What, and When?’: Krishnadev Calamur recaps key events leading up to the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.
A Ship Without a Captain: Michael Flynn’s resignation calls attention to problems within Donald Trump’s National Security Council whose success “depends critically on the ability of a competent staff working directly for the president to orchestrate it.” (Eliot A. Cohen)
No Time to Waste: Donald Trump’s Cabinet, “while growing, still has too many empty seats.” Andrew McGill illustrates how Trump’s Cabinet compares with his predecessors’ after the same amount of time in office.
Follow stories throughout the day with our Politics & Policy portal.
Snapshot
Testifying before the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the Fed will likely need to raise interest rates at an upcoming meeting. Joshua Roberts / Reuters More
Recommended: Why Flynn's Resignation Matters
What We’re Reading
A New Normal: The Washington Post reports that White House aides, concerned about a potential staff shake-up, are trying “to avoid appearing ‘weak’ or ‘low­ energy.’” (Ashley Parker and Philip Rucker)
‘The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn’: The White House claims that Trump asked for his national-security adviser’s resignation because he misled the administration. But, writes Bloomberg’s Eli Lake, “a better explanation here is that Flynn was just thrown under the bus.”
Facing Reality: Sarah Kliff spoke with “people who struck out on their own—left a job, started a business, went back to school”—after the passage of the Affordable Care Act. Now, that career freedom is threatened as the law faces an uncertain future under the Trump administration. (Vox)
On the Downlow: While the Trump administration’s daily activities take up the national spotlight, Congress has been getting to work. Not on big-ticket campaign promises, but “a hand-picked collection of discrete measures” aimed at dismantling Obama-era regulations. (Lisa Mascaro, The Los Angeles Times)
The Dog Who Caught the Car?: For years, Obamacare repeal has been “a winning Republican message—an indictment of its polarizing namesake, of big-spending Democrats and of the boogeyman of creeping socialism all rolled into one.” But how will Republicans do it—and will Trump support them? (Robert Draper, The New York Times Magazine)
Recommended: How to Build an Autocracy
Visualized
In Spicer’s House: The White House press secretary has “upended some of the longstanding traditions” of the daily press briefings. Take a look at these graphics to learn how the process has changed. (Larry Buchanan and Karen Yourish, The New York Times)
Question of the Week
On Monday, February 20, we’ll celebrate Presidents’ Day. This week, we’d like to know: What U.S. president do you admire most—and why?
Send your answers to hello@theatlantic.com, and our favorites will be featured in Friday’s Politics & Policy Daily.
-Written by Elaine Godfrey (@elainejgodfrey) and Candice Norwood (@cjnorwoodwrites)
Read more from The Atlantic:
This article was originally published on The Atlantic.

COSTA MESA — After three steps, Austin Ekeler knew he was getting to the end zone.
Early in the fourth quarter last Sunday, the Chargers called a trap play, sending their offensive linemen to the right. A half-second later, Ekeler cut back to his left. The Philadelphia defense was out of position, and the 5-foot-10 running back saw a clear path to the goal line, 35 yards away.
First career carry, first career touchdown.
“It didn’t end up going the way we planned as far as blocking scheme,” Ekeler said. “But you know, running back, it’s the most instinctive position. You’ve got to react to things when things go bad, and make something happen.”
He did. And this Sunday at MetLife Stadium, he will face the Giants (10 a.m. PT, Ch. 13) as the Chargers’ No. 2 tailback. Not bad for an undrafted rookie out of Western State.
Ekeler’s touchdown was one of the bright spots in the Chargers’ 26-24 loss to the Eagles — and another reminder that, every year, NFL talent evaluators miss on talent. Buried on the depth chart at the start of training camp, the 22-year-old gradually climbed up the ladder. He flashed his skills in space, totaling 108 yards from scrimmage in a preseason finale against the 49ers.
But since the regular season started, Ekeler has only gotten 12 offensive snaps. That should change at the Meadowlands this weekend. The Chargers (0-4) ruled out Branden Oliver with a hamstring injury on Friday, giving Ekeler a chance as Melvin Gordon’s primary backup.
For a winless team averaging just 67.5 rushing yards per game, the change presents few downsides. Only three NFL franchises have been worse on the ground this season: the Dolphins (66.3), the Giants (59.2) and the Cardinals (57.0).
“He’s a little bit of an unproven commodity from the standpoint of regular-season games,” offensive coordinator Ken Whisenhunt said of Ekeler, “so it’s not like we have a 30-play package designed for him. But there are certain things you try to put him in for and see if you can use some of the things he does well.”
One standout trait? Two years ago in Indianapolis, Gordon ran his 40-yard dash in 4.52 seconds. A year before that, Oliver recorded the same time at his pro day.
Earlier this year, Ekeler needed just 4.43 seconds in a guest spot at Colorado’s pro day, which would have ranked fourth among running backs at the NFL combine.
“Speed, speed, speed,” Ekeler said. “That’s what you’re gonna get — speed and agility.”
Turf wars
The Chargers have played in four different stadiums since the start of the 2017 preseason. Sunday’s visit to MetLife Stadium is the first time they will play on synthetic turf.
At least one player isn’t concerned about the adjustment.
“Don’t think so,” said safety Tre Boston. “Warm up for 20 to 30 minutes, should be fine.”
NFL players generally prefer to play on real grass, though such surfaces can be impractical to maintain in places with cold winters.
Two years ago, Sports Illustrated produced a ranking of NFL fields, synthesizing input from players as well as stadium groundskeepers. MetLife Stadium’s UBU Speed Series S5-M Synthetic Turf slotted in at No. 14. The same brand of turf was re-installed at the venue in spring of 2016.
Injury report
Rookie receiver Mike Williams was ruled out for Sunday’s game, along with Oliver. Limited since May by a herniated disc in his lower back, the No. 7 overall pick has yet to make his NFL debut.
Linebacker Jatavis Brown — the NFL’s third-leading tackler — and right tackle Joe Barksdale are questionable to play against the Giants (0-4). Recovering from respective ankle and foot injuries, the two could be game-time decisions at MetLife Stadium.
Linebacker Nick Dzubnar and offensive lineman Michael Schofield will likely step into the starting lineup if Brown or Barksdale don’t suit up.
Receiver Tyrell Williams (neck) and tight end Sean McGrath (foot) are also listed as questionable, but both were full participants in every practice this week.
The Chargers may consider activating Andre Williams off the practice squad to supplement the running back depth chart — a move that would pit the 5-foot-11 back against his old team. A fourth-round pick by the Giants, the former Heisman finalist ran for 721 yards and seven touchdowns as a rookie in 2014.

Feel like getting away for the weekend? Why not head down the QEW and make your way to Toronto. Lifestyle expert Liv Judd tells us how to spend a full 48 hours in the six.

Emergency crews responded to a house fire Friday morning in which one person was found badly injured in the backyard of the home.
It happened on Harry Drive near Wooddale Boulevard in Baton Rouge.
The Baton Rouge Fire Department reported a man was taken to the hospital in critical condition. Firefighters said he had climbed through a window to escape the flames.
Firemen are searching the home for other possible victims.
The cause of the fire has not been determined.
The Baton Rouge Police Department and State Fire Marshal's Office are also on the scene.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.

INDIANAPOLIS — The Indianapolis Colts arrived for practice Wednesday in T-shirts supporting a suburban Indianapolis community rocked by last week's school shooting.
Players and coaches wore the "Noblesville strong" shirts throughout their workout. Team employees pitched in by wearing them around the team complex.
Two people were injured in the shooting, including Jason Seaman, a teacher and former FCS football player who stopped the alleged shooter at Noblesville Middle School. Colts offensive lineman Joe Haeg said he knew Seaman because they squared off in conference play.
Seaman attended Southern Illinois and his college number, 91, was on the shirts. Haeg attended FCS power North Dakota State.

Ah, Balenciaga: at it again. Pushing all those social media buttons and getting everyone het up to such an extent that they have just become complicit in making an item in the men’s collection a veritable phenomenon simply on the back of an Instagram post.
When will we stop swallowing the bait? One moment there’s a picture online, and the next it has spawned 1,000 memes — all of which lead back to the source, and all of which play right into the hands of the very canny designer Demna Gvasalia.
He understands as well as anyone how to ride the hype cycle and bend the free-floating and often indiscriminate desire of the digisphere to use fashion as target practice to his own advantage.
I am speaking, of course, of the T-shirt shirt, a men’s wear product from the Balenciaga fall 2018 collection that is exactly what it sounds like: a cotton T-shirt twinned to a cotton button-up shirt in complementary colors that can be worn with the long-sleeved shirt draped on the front, or the T-shirt draped off the back.

Mrityunjay Bose, DH News Service, Mumbai, Oct 6 2017, 19:13 IST
In a significant political development that would dominate the political scenario of Maharashtra for some time, veteran politician Narayan Rane on Friday announced joining the BJP-NDA.
On the eve of Gandhi jayanti and a day after Dassera, Rane had floated Maharashtra Swabhiman Paksha (MSP) after leaving the Congress- with which he was associated for 12 years after he was expelled from Shiv Sena by Balasaheb Thackeray.
"For the overall development of Maharashtra, for addressing the issues of the people and give impetus to the growth of Konkan region, the MSP is joining the NDA," Rane said.
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis and state BJP president Raosaheb Patil-Danve had sent feelers to the political heavyweight to join the NDA.
"Couple of days ago, the chief minister requested me to join NDA. I had asked for two days time. Accordingly, we are joining the NDA," he told reporters in his home district of Sindhudurg.
However, Rane, a Maratha leader and a former chief minister, has not yet said anything whether he would join the ministry.
The Shiv Sena, which is the oldest partner of BJP, is yet to react on the development. "We have not been conveyed anything officially," a senior Sena leader said.
Rane is a bete noire of Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray and they do not leave any chance to target each other politically.
In fact, since the time he formed MSP, he had come to the defence of prime minister Narendra Modi on the issue of bullet train project and had been seen stonewalling criticism of Uddhav and his estranged cousin and MNS president Raj Thackeray.
Rane's entry into the NDA would come as a major breather to Fadnavis, who has been under constant attack of the Sena. Uddhav's party has been attacking Modi and BJP president Amit Shah.

Holiday Sunday, holiday Monday, long holiday weekend — all that made for average to boring TV viewing. Seven last night was the exception, where My Kitchen Rules came back, accompanied by the grubby Seven Year Switch, which is really a reworked version of Married At First Sight (Switch averaged 922,000 national — 618,000 metro and 304,000 regional viewers), but less entertaining.
Those numbers made it Seven’s night, and a very easy win it was because nothing interesting was on the other networks, with the exception of the ABC’s John Clarke tribute at 8pm.
The presence of MKR and a grudge episode in the final home eatery contest made sure Seven won big. The season high 2.41 million national audience last night (1.65 million metro and 756,000 regional viewers) gave Seven an easy win in the regions and the demos and will bring a smile to the face of many at the network after the early weakness of the series.
The ABC rested its Monday night line up of news and current affairs stalwarts, and that was a good thing because it allowed the ABC to broadcast its heartfelt obit to the late John Clarke, Thanks for your time — a wonderful, fitting tribute that deserved to be longer. Even if the usual line up of news and current affairs programs had been in place, it would have stood out. Those at the Nine Network who flicked Clarke and Dawes from A Current Affair should have been named and shamed (just for fun). The rest of the night, indeed the rest of the weekend shrank in comparison to the Clarke tribute — 1.46 million national viewers (995,000/475,000).
MKR dominated the regions as well with a season high of 756,000 viewers, followed by Seven News with 724,000, Seven News/Today Tonight was 3rd with 590,000, followed by Home and Away with 486,000, then Thanks for your time in 5th with 475,000.
In breakfast, Seven’s Sunrise won last week and won yesterday nationally (472,000 to 374,000, which is what the Today mob ignores in the media moaning) and in the metros on a holiday Monday; 280,000 to 247,000. — Read the rest on the Crikey website

F/S Vortex Viper 4x12 40 w/ bubble level & rings
For Sale Vortex Viper 4x12 40 mm scope with Vortex bubble level and either Leupold Low or Medium matt rings. The scope was mounted for 6 mo and the rifle thereafter sold. The scope is in perfect condition. Complete in original box with goodies. Compare new - scope only- at $350. Shipped $265.
Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger

Ambode’s wife counsels mothers on children’s immunisation
By Monsur Olowoopejo
Lagos—Wife of Lagos State Governor, Mrs. Bolanle Ambode yesterday urged mothers to always immunize their children against killer diseases, just as she encouraged pregnant women to cultivate the habit of washing their hands to avoid infection.
Mrs Ambode, who spoke during the presentation of gifts to first babies of the year at three different health centres in the state, said it was important for mothers to always ensure that children have the full complement of routine immunization, while expectant mothers should always attend ante and post natal clinics.
The wife of the governor, during the celebration, presented gifts to first babies of the year at Badagry General Hospital, Amuwo Odofin Maternal and Child Centre and Lagos Island Maternity Hospital.
The annual First-Baby-of-the-Year celebration started in 2000 and the Office of the First Lady, through the initiative, celebrates the first baby born from 12 midnight on new year’s eve.
Speaking at the occasion, Mrs Ambode said nursing mothers should take advantage of routine immunization provided by the State Government through the primary healthcare centres to protect their children.
She said: “I would like to encourage mothers to always ensure that children have the full complement of routine immunization available in all the primary healthcare centres across the State, and to also make good use of family planning services.
“Expectant mothers should cultivate the habit of washing their hands to avoid infection and should attend ante natal and post natal clinics regularly,” she noted.
Mrs Ambode, however, counseled parents on the importance of birth registration upon delivery.
Earlier in his remarks, the commissioner for health, Dr. Jide Idris, noted that the administration of Governor Akinwunmi Ambode was committed to meeting the health needs of the residents of Lagos State.
The post Ambode’s wife counsels mothers on children’s immunisation appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.

In Nassarawa: 5 people arrested for killing Chinese, 3 others
The Nassarawa Police Command successful arrested five people for alleged killing a Chinese miner and three other people.
Five people have been arrested by the Nassarawa Police Command following the killing of a Chinese miner and three other individuals.
State police commissioner, Abubakar Sadiq-Bello, stated this while interacting with newsmen at the state capital, Lafia.
A man named Yahuza Yahaya was revealed to be the leader of the criminal gang responsible for the killings, Daily Post News reports.
“On November 28, gunmen ambushed and killed the mine workers, including a Chinese at Wugibi Hills at Alongani Village in the Nasarawa-Eggon Local Government Area of the state.
“Nasarawa State in North Central Nigeria has witnessed repeated killing of people, including security operatives in recent years.
“One AK-47 riffle, military uniform and two photographs of the gang leader were recovered from the suspects.
“In one of photographs, the gang leader was dressed in military uniform and brandishing an AK-47 riffle," the CP said.
ALSO READ: Police declare Chinese wanted over alleged attempted murder
Cases of the abduction of expatriate workers were one of the rampant crimes common in the year 2016.
Most of the time, the foreigners are held in a bid to get a ransom from those interested in their release.
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria's entertainment & lifestyle platform online. Click here to read the full text on the original website.

Two men arrested for homosexuality in Lagos
Two men — Promise Oluwabunkenoye and Kehinde Abiola — on Wednesday appeared before a Surulere Chief Magistrates’ Court in Lagos charged with anal sex.
The accused — Oluwabunkenoye, 24, and Abiola, 29 — are facing a two-count charge of same-sex having sexual intercourse and fighting in the public. The duo, however, pleaded not guilty to the charges.

The Police Prosecutor, Sgt. Anthonia Osayande told the court that the accused with others still at large committed the offence at City Centre Hotel at Ijeshatedo in Surulere about 3:00 pm on June 1.

Osayande said the accused were caught by a police patrol team fighting publicly over non-payment of money for sexual acts.
She alleged that while the police interrogated them, one of the accused confessed to the fact that the was invited to Romeo and Juliet Hotel located at Ejigbo on May 28 at 5.00 a.m. for anal sex.
“He promised to pay some money if he consented to the act, but the accused refused to pay after enjoying himself.”’
He noted that the offences contravened Sections 54 and 136 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State 2015 (Revised).
The Chief Magistrate, Mrs Ipaye Nwachukwu, granted bail to the accused in the sum of N100,000 each with two sureties each in like sum. She ordered that the accused should submit their passport-size photographs to the court registrar.
Nwachukwu said one of the sureties must be a blood relation of the accused, while the other must be a cleric or a
community leader.
In addition, the sureties should provide evidence of tax payment to the government. She adjourned the case until August 3 for mention.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask

University Of Lagos 2016/2017 Matriculation Ceremony Date Announced.
The general public are hereby informed that the Matriculation Ceremony of the University of Lagos (UNILAG)for students admitted in the 2016/2017 Academic Session will hold as follows: Date: Friday, January 13, 2017 Time: 12 noon Venue: Multipurpose Hall, University of Lagos All matriculating students are expected to be seated by 11:30a.m. Note: We now post …
The post University Of Lagos 2016/2017 Matriculation Ceremony Date Announced. appeared first on Students Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.


General News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
2017-10-07
EC Deputy Chairperson, Georgina Opoku Amankwah
The embattled Deputy Chairperson the Electoral Commission in Charge of Finance and Administration, Georgina Opoku Amankwah, has threatened to sue the Economic and Organized Crime Office over its apparent refusal to reveal the outcome of a supposed probe into her dealings at the Commission.
The probe concerned her alleged misappropriation of the Commission’s Endowment fund, for which she was asked to proceed on leave.
Mrs. Amankwah was one of three top EC officials investigated by EOCO over the alleged disappearance of GHc480, 000 from the Commission’s Endowment Fund.
The loss of the GHc 480,000 prompted the EC Chairperson, Charlotte Osei, to ask the Commission’s Deputy Chairperson in-charge of Finance and Administration and the Finance Director, Dr. Joseph Kweku Asamoah, to proceed on leave.
Speaking on Eyewitness News, her lawyer, Kwabena Asante Krobea, first argued that the fact the EC Chairperson, Charlotte Osei, was not compelled to proceed on leave because she also faced allegations, was unfair.
Some staff of the EC had petitioned President Nana Akufo-Addo to dismiss Charlotte Osei for alleged malfeasance surrounding the supposed awarding of some contracts unilaterally in service of cronyism.
“…If EOCO is saying that a complaint of the usage of the endowment has been leveled against our client and for that matter, she had to proceed on leave, then, for the same Chairperson [Charlotte Osei] that made that complaint, similar allegations have been made against her by staff of the commission, but rather, she at the moment, is at post working whilst our client is at home,” Mr. Asante Krobea said.
Since then, Mrs. Amankwah’s team has written to EOCO, but to no avail, and they are beginning to suspect some foul play from EOCO.
Mr. Asante Krobea suggested that someone may be pulling the strings at EOCO because from what they are gathering, “the investigation has been concluded and as we expected, nothing untoward or no other charges have been made against our client because we knew our client was going to come out unscathed.”
But he said they remain aggrieved because “their client [Mrs. Amankwah] is at home not knowing when she will resume work.”
Mr. Asante Krobea said Mrs. Amankwah abided by the directive out of respect for the law as they did not expect the investigation to drag, but given the unsatisfactory developments, a court action could now be on the table.
“If in the pursuit of their function, we think that they are not acting fairly, we can invoke the requisite reliefs to seek redress for our client and very soon, if we do not hear from EOCO, they will hear from us,” he warned.
He, however, noted that EOCO indicated that a response to them is ready, which they plan to receive sometime next week because Mrs. Amankwa has traveled out of the region. –

CHICAGO — The Chicago White Sox have placed outfielder Avisail Garcia on the 10-day disabled list because of a strained right hamstring.
Garcia was hurt Monday night while running out a grounder in the second inning of a 10-4 victory over Seattle. He attempted to pull up a few steps short of first base then fell. He was assisted off the field and left the game.
White Sox manager Rick Renteria says the injury is considered “mild to moderate” and will be reassessed in a few days.
Garcia was an All-Star a year ago but is off to a sluggish start, hitting .233 with one homer and four RBIs in 18 games.
To take his roster spot, the White Sox called up outfielder Daniel Palka from Triple-A Charlotte. He’s hitting .286 with seven RBIs in 17 games.

LAS VEGAS — After his first two games with the Vegas Golden Knights in late February, there weren’t many fans who were happy with Ryan Reaves.
He arrived from Pittsburgh and immediately made his presence known with six penalty minutes in a home-and-home series against Los Angeles, both losses. The Vegas faithful thought team chemistry was ruined.
“Ruin the whole team, yeah?” Reaves joked Tuesday as Vegas prepared for Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final against Washington. “I apologize to Vegas.”
Vegas wasn’t the only one he apologized to. Reaves immediately went to coach Gerard Gallant after those Kings games to acknowledge that while he didn’t necessarily agree with the penalties, he also would not be taking silly penalties and disrupt what Gallant and general manager George McPhee worked hard to build.
“He was up front, and he took responsibility, but I said, ‘Just play your game, that’s why we got you, to play your game and work hard’ and he’s been excellent ever since,” Gallant said Tuesday. “He doesn’t take penalties, he really doesn’t.”
Reaves believes it’s been his on-ice intelligence and hockey IQ that has made him an effective teammate over nine seasons in St. Louis, Pittsburgh and now Vegas, where he’s since become a crowd favourite.
“My fights have gone down every year,” Reaves said. “I only had six this year and all within the first two or three months (with Pittsburgh). I think there’s always going to be physical play in this league, and as long as I can keep up and and be able to catch guys and do it in a way that’s not hurting the team, then yeah, I think I got a spot here.”
Especially after scoring what may have been the biggest goals in franchise history.
In Game 5 of the Western Conference Final in his hometown of Winnipeg, Reaves scored the game-winning goal that sent the Golden Knights to the Stanley Cup Final. And in Game 1 against the Capitals on Monday, he scored the game-tying goal before linemate Tomas Nosek put the game-winner past Braden Holtby in a 6-4 victory that gave Vegas a 1-0 series lead.
“Playoff hockey you have to be a little smarter, you got to be a little faster, everything is kind of magnified,” Reaves said. “I think at this time of the year the details have to be there for sure.”
Since Reaves was re-inserted into the lineup midway through the second round of the playoffs, the fourth line has clicked more often than not.
Shedding his overly aggressive tactics, Reaves has adapted to playing Vegas’ simple north-south game, while learning how to make the right decisions and build chemistry with Nosek and Pierre-Edouard Bellemare. The trio is proving it can be just as important as the Golden Knights’ top line of William Karlsson, Jonathan Marchessault and Reilly Smith, and that has become extremely dangerous for teams to defend.
“I think we just try to outwork whoever we’re playing against,” Bellemare said. “It won’t maybe work this well every night, but we get the payoff from hard work. Sometimes we can’t explain why suddenly everything clicks. But we are at the right spot at the right time and it worked for my wingers and me. Maybe your fourth line won’t change the game every single game, but when they do it sure helps.”
And while Nosek’s two goals in Game 1 against the Capitals extended his point streak to three games, he said it doesn’t matter who scores or tallies points, because it’s never been about individuals on the Golden Knights.
“That’s what we’ve done the whole year, 20 guys on the ice and off the ice,” Nosek said “We support each other. On our (line), we just try to create some chaos in front of the net, go hard to the net and get some forecheck going, that’s how we roll, and it was good last night. It doesn’t matter who scored the goals either way, we are a team and victory is the most important thing.”
——
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals

VATICAN CITY — Pope Francis is cautioning bishops to avoid politicking, business and high society.
Francis elevated to bishops’ rank three priests during a ceremony in St. Peter’s Basilica on Monday evening.
He said bishops should “abandon the temptation to become princes,” and that they are tasked “more with serving than dominating.” He told them to be available to priests in their jurisdiction “the same day, or at most, the next day” after being sought.
Francis told the three they were chosen “not for business, not for high society, not for politics.” In his five years as pope, Francis has insisted clerics must serve the rank-and-file and avoid seeking glory.
The new bishops are: Monsignors Waldemar Stanislaw Sommertag from Pelplin diocese, Poland; Alfred Xuereb, Gozo diocese, Malta; and Jose Avelino Bettencourt, Ottawa archdiocese in Canada.

SUZUKA, Japan — Championship leader Lewis Hamilton secured pole position for the Japanese Grand Prix, leading a 1-2 finish for Mercedes drivers on Saturday.
Hamilton posted a lap record time of 1 minute, 27.319 seconds to finish 0.332 ahead of Valtteri Bottas.
Hamilton’s title rival, Sebastian Vettel, was third but the Ferrari driver will move up to second after Bottas’s penalty for an unscheduled gearbox change. Bottas drops to seventh.
Hamilton struggled for pace in the previous race in Malaysia but that wasn’t the case in Saturday’s qualifying.
“It’s been a really great day, every lap was fantastic, I never really got a great balance in the past so never did a great qualifying here,” Hamilton said.
Before Saturday’s qualifying, Hamilton had secured pole at every current F1 circuit except Suzuka.
“It’s incredible for me, 10 years or whatever it is and my first pole at Suzuka,” Hamilton said.
With five races remaining, Hamilton leads Vettel by 34 points in the drivers’ championship.
Hamilton has won twice before here at Suzuka, in 2014 and 2015, and was runner-up to former Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg in last year’s race.
A win in Suzuka would move Hamilton a step closer to a third F1 title in four years with Mercedes and his fourth overall.
Vettel was happy to be on the front row after starting the Malaysia GP from the back of the grid and working his way up to a fourth-place finish.
“The car is quick and, as last weekend shows, if you start out of position you can still get back,” Vettel said.
Red Bull driver Daniel Ricciardo was fourth fastest — and now starts third — just 0.026 clear of teammate Max Verstappen, who won last week’s Malaysia GP.
Kimi Raikkonen was sixth but, like Bottas, will also drop five places on the grid after requiring a new gearbox.
Esteban Ocon edged Force India teammate Sergio Perez to finish seventh, while Williams driver Felipe Massa and McLaren-Honda’s Fernando Alonso rounded out the top 10.

Peaky Blinders opens on a slum street of Birmingham. The year is 1919. There are horses and Chinese fortune tellers, barely dressed urchins and men in suits so sharp they could take your eye out.
Advertisement
The atmosphere is febrile, smoky and crackling with nerves. It’s the most distinctive-looking British drama you could conceive of, peering into an era that, until now, had slipped off history’s radar, considered neither as muddy and tragic as the First World War nor as heroic and epic as the Second. Or perhaps history forgot these years on purpose.
The writer is Steven Knight – best known for Stephen Frears’s 2002 film Dirty Pretty Things. “From about 1918 until 1928 in England, it was just madness. Pure hedonism,” he says. “There was a lot of cocaine, a lot of opium, a lot of dancing, a lot of nightlife.” All of which sounds like a laugh riot, but of course it had its dark side; indeed, there was hardly any silver lining.
And that’s where the Peaky Blinders come in, so called for the razor blades they kept in the brims of their sinister-looking caps and hats. They were the Shelby family, the Sopranos of the post-First World War era, with a few key differences – the society the Shelbys lived in had been racked by the war, leaving profoundly damaged men strewn across every class and community; revolution was in the air, and the Government was terrified of it; and the Peaky Blinders aren’t remotely fictional.
Knight explains: “The reason it came to me was that my parents grew up in Birmingham in the 20s. My mum, when she was nine years old, was a bookie’s runner; they used to use kids to take bets because it was all illegal. My dad’s uncle was part of the Peaky Blinders. It was reluctantly delivered, but my family did give me little snapshots, of gypsies and horses and gang fights and guns, and immaculate suits.
One of the first stories that inspired me was of my dad when he was a little kid, sent to deliver a message. There was a table, covered in money and guns, surrounded by blokes, beautifully dressed, drinking beer from jam jars. You didn’t buy glasses. You only spent money on clothes.”
This atmosphere is captured wonderfully in Peaky Blinders. The gang’s control in Birmingham has a Wild West quality, where the violence is instrumental and strategic, never savage or incidental, and the rules of society are being broken and remade in front of you.
But their lives are burdened by far more than the pressures of self-interest. The casualties of the First World War are everywhere: men who had survived the bullets, but would go to their graves before post-traumatic stress was recognised. The authorities were no good to these shell-shocked men: if anyone was going to watch over them, it would have been men like the Peaky Blinders.
The war and its aftermath are dealt with in an original and oblique way, as a hangover that nobody would acknowledge, but everybody had. Knight says that a load of clichés dominate how this interwar period is played out in drama: “We tiptoe towards things because we’re afraid of being seen to be glamorising or mythologising anything. If it’s post-First World War, it’s all officers shooting themselves. Or it’s flappers, being done in the way flappers have always been done. But why would they behave like that? It was only a couple of years before then that you couldn’t show an ankle, and suddenly they were in really short skirts. Why? Because they didn’t give a damn.”
As grim as the period must have been, from the distance of decades this is a transfixing time, decadent and bacchanalian, traumatised and anti-authoritarian, deeply political, desperate for things to be different, but petrified of change. “I think there was a loss of faith in technology: before the war, there was this belief that every new discovery meant more progress.
Then nations just took all they’d learnt and used it to destroy each other,” says Knight. “The idea of the King’s authority became a joke, for a while, because people in power had been sending 60,000 men to their deaths every morning and the blokes knew it was pointless. They’d get the order [to go over the top], and think, ‘No, you’ve made a mistake, there are machine guns, and we’re going to get killed.’”
Alongside that anarchic hatred of authority there was a real hunger for change, a genuine Communist movement, and the authorities were terrified. One always forgets that this could ever have been a feature of the landscape, here – that a government could ever believe in the people being revolutionary, or that anybody could ever have that appetite for upheaval. But the threat was both real and perceived. A policeman’s strike in 1919 lent ballast to the idea that the old world order had no defenders left. I always think of the persecution of Communists as an American disease, a short-lived, collective madness. But it’s wrong to think Britain didn’t suffer this paranoia.
“Men were arrested for sedition and sentenced to six years for speaking in public about Communism,” says Knight.
“They were taken away and beaten up. I remember my dad saying a bloke would stand up and talk about the Russian Revolution and they’d grab him, put him in a van and you wouldn’t see him again. You think, that’s not what it says in the books. But when you do research, get papers from the period, you realise this is what happened. It’s a secret history.”
Predictably, with a paranoid government and the impossibility of telling a revolutionary from a malcontent, life became very restrictive, close to a police state. Knight’s vivid memory is of his grandfather. “He was wounded in the Somme, so he had a bullet in his shoulder his whole life. I remember my dad telling me that in 1926 he opened his door and there were British soldiers stationed there, pointing machine guns at his front door. And he’d just given everything to his country. These were people just like us, you know. They were no different to us, inside.”
Part of the drama’s magnetism lies in its dialogue: precisely observed, but very informal, which underlines how little people have changed. “What amuses me, and horrifies me, in English period drama is that people always write in a certain way: will not, can not, do not. Everybody speaks in this very formal, written- down way and it affects how characters are. This is a period drama where people speak normally. You go into the past, but you let people speak. And if you break that door down, you realise that people are just like us.”
I’ll resist describing the plot, partly for fear of spoilers, but also because, like all the best dramas, when you list the events, it does nothing like justice to the world they create. There’s a huge amount going on, and the circumstances are extreme – men driven mad, men driven into the arms of opium, alcohol, politics, thuggery, anywhere but back to pre-war normality.
That was nothing, compared with the women. In this series, femininity is expressed by Aunt Polly, matriarch of the Shelby family and magisterially played by Helen McCrory. She’s the power and the brains of the generation. You’d watch it just for her and to listen to her smoky Birmingham accent, like a sinister lullaby.
“Cocaine became a huge thing, for women. They just wanted to escape. And I guess that’s what stopped it becoming a revolution,” says Knight. “It was totally self-destructive and very sexual. If you read the Daily Mail from those days, the big scandal was about nightclubs, everybody having cocaine from these blue bottles. Everybody was having sex with everybody else, there were threesomes, orgies… People thought England was going to hell. Then it stopped, in about 1928. I suppose people recovered.”
During this hiatus of propriety, of rules, lives were ruined. “A policeman’s main job, one of the tasks that took up his day, was collecting babies as he went on his foot patrol, babies that had been born and abandoned.”
Advertisement
But fortunes were made as well, and we meet the Peaky Blinkers on the up, able to take on everything, from the most vicious police brutality to the rival gangs and the Black and Tans. Only a state of semi-anarchy could suit this family; and only this family’s scramble for supremacy, brought so brilliantly alive, could animate this anarchic era that we’ve almost forgotten.

LISBON, Ohio (WYTV) – Law enforcement busted a home in Lisbon for drugs on Friday, according to a report.
The Columbiana County Drug Task Force and Sheriff’s Office, along with Lisbon police, searched the house at 9375 State Route 45.
Inside, they found 11 grams of cocaine, a small amount of marijuana, over $350 cash, digital scales, drug paraphernalia and items used to package and sell drugs, according to the report.
Ronald Virden, 54, was arrested on a charge of drug paraphernalia. Brittany Robinson, 32, was arrested on a charge of drug abuse instruments.
After the drugs are tested in a lab, more charges could be filed.

(AP Photo/Charles Zoeller). Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York.
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on an explosion in a New York City subway passageway (all times local):
7:30 p.m.
The family of a man accused of setting off a pipe bomb in a crowded New York City subway corridor says it's heartbroken and deeply saddened by the suffering the attack has caused.
In a statement, Akayed Ullah's family also says it's outraged by the way it was targeted by law enforcement, including pulling a teenage relative from class and questioning him without a parent, guardian or attorney present. The family says it expects more from the justice system.
The statement was released on behalf of the family by Albert Fox Cahn, legal director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations in New York.
Ullah, an immigrant from Bangladesh, was the only person seriously injured in the blast during the Monday morning rush hour that sent commuters scurrying in panic.
___
6:15 p.m.
Law enforcement officials say a pipe bomb that exploded in a crowded New York City subway passageway was ignited with a Christmas light, matches and a nine-volt battery.
The officials say the short pipe was packed with explosive powder but didn't work as intended. The blast wasn't powerful enough to turn the pipe into deadly shrapnel.
Authorities have identified the attacker as Akayed Ullah, an immigrant from Bangladesh.
Law enforcement officials familiar with the investigation say he had looked at Islamic State group propaganda online and told investigators he was retaliating against U.S. military aggression.
The blast during the Monday morning rush hour injured three people besides Ullah, who's being treated at a hospital.
The people spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
-By Colleen Long and Tom Hays.
___
5:10 p.m.
President Donald Trump says a bomb blast in Manhattan highlights the need for an immigration overhaul.
Trump said Monday that the U.S. "must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people" into the country.
The Republican president points to his controversial travel ban as an example of the kind of policy that needs to be put in place. And he's calling on Congress to end "chain migration," in which family members are permitted to join relatives who have immigrated.
He also says people convicted of terror acts "deserve the strongest penalty allowed by law, including the death penalty in appropriate cases."
The only person seriously wounded Monday was the suspected bomber.
___
4:45 p.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says a pipe bomb explosion in New York City's subway system and an earlier attack in Manhattan highlight the nation's "failed immigration policies."
Sessions says the Monday blast shows the need for immigration reform. Authorities say a man who came to the U.S. from Bangladesh seven years ago set off a pipe bomb strapped to his body in a subway corridor near Times Square. He was injured along with three others.
Sessions says relatives of U.S. citizens shouldn't get priority ahead of "someone who is high-skilled, well educated, has learned English, and is likely to assimilate and flourish here."
He says a merit-based immigration system would be safer.
His comments are similar to those made by a White House spokeswoman.
___
3 p.m.
A White House spokeswoman says a pipe bomb explosion in New York City's subway system shows the need for "immigration reform."
Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that Congress should work with the president, stressing the need to "protect our borders" and calling for a "merit-based" immigration system.
Authorities say a man inspired by the Islamic State group set off a pipe bomb strapped to his body in a subway corridor near Times Square, injuring himself and wounding three others.
Law enforcement officials say the man came to the U.S. from Bangladesh seven years ago with a type of preferential visa for people with relatives who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
___
2:15 p.m.
The suspect in a pipe bomb explosion in New York City's subway system at one point had a license to drive livery cars and for-hire vehicles.
Authorities have identified the attacker as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah. The blast in an underground subway corridor during the Monday morning rush hour injured three people, as well as Ullah.
New York City's Taxi and Limousine Commission says records show he had a for-hire license from March 2012 through March 2015. It then expired and wasn't renewed. At the time, a for-hire license did not allow someone to drive one of the city's yellow taxis.
The TLC says there are no records to indicate if he actually used the license to work as a car driver.
___
1:45 p.m.
New York's governor says the suspect in a pipe bomb blast in New York City's subway system may have crafted the device from online instructions, and so far it doesn't appear to be part of a larger plot.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo told cable news channel NY1 that officials "have reason to believe that this person went to the internet and found out how to make a homemade bomb."
Authorities identified the attacker as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah. Monday's explosion injured him, slightly wounded three other people and sent commuters fleeing in terror through a subway corridor near Times Square.
Cuomo says he's boosting security at high-profile spots statewide. The Democrat also suggests internet companies need to look at the access potential attackers have to what he calls "garbage and vileness" online.
___
1:10 p.m.
Law enforcement is stepping up patrols at Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority train stations after a pipe bomb went off in a crowded subway corridor in New York City.
Boston police say that while there doesn't appear to be a specific threat to the area at this time, police are increasing their presence at major MBTA train stations.
MBTA Transit Police Superintendent Richard Sullivan says he contacted the Joint Terrorism Task Force and state and local law enforcement agencies in the wake of the Monday explosion.
Sullivan says additional EDU teams- bomb detecting dogs and their handlers -will be deployed through the system.
The crude pipe bomb strapped to a man went off in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Massachusetts State Police are monitoring the investigation
___
12:40 p.m.
Law enforcement officials say the 27-year-old man who set off a pipe bomb in the New York City subway came to the U.S. from Bangladesh seven years ago with a type of preferential visa for people with relatives who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
The officials say Akayed Ullah was living in Brooklyn. They say he told investigators Monday he was inspired by the Islamic State group to carry out an attack, but had no direct contact with the terror group. They say he is speaking with investigators from his hospital bed. The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands
Officials say he assembled the crude device in his apartment. Investigators are talking to witnesses and his family.
The people spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Bangladesh has been expanding its anti-terror operations after grisly attacks killed dozens of people.
Three others suffered minor injuries in the blast.
-By Colleen Long and Michael Balsamo.
___
Noon
The mayor of Paris is expressing support for New York City and those wounded in a pipe bomb explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area.
Mayor Anne Hidalgo said Monday that "New York has been by our side each time we have been hit by attacks and threats, and Paris is also by the side of New York."
Hidalgo, whose city has been hit by multiple attacks in recent years, said she was thinking of New York Mayor Bill De Blasio after Monday's blast.
Speaking ahead of an international climate summit, she said "when something like that happens in one of our cities, we are all on alert."
A crude pipe bomb strapped to a man inspired by the Islamic State Group went off in a crowded subway corridor, injuring the man and three others.
___
11:55 a.m.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says he has ordered extra security at mass transit hubs in his state following the pipe bomb explosion in a passageway near Times Square in Manhattan.
New Jersey Transit buses have resumed normal service Monday into New York City's Port Authority Bus Terminal.
New York City also has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to him caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
___
10:20 a.m.
New York City has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to him caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Metropolitan Transportation Authority Chairman Joseph Lhota (LOH'-tuh) says trains on the Seventh and Eighth avenue lines were still bypassing the Times Square corridor as the investigation proceeded Monday morning. But he says overall service is back to normal.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
Police say he attached the device to his body with Velcro and zip ties.
- By Colleen Long
___
10 a.m.
New York City police say they are combing through video of the bombing in the subway system.
They say the suspect meant to set off the bomb, but it's not clear if he meant to do so in a passageway in the Times Square area where it went off Monday during the morning rush hour.
Twenty-seven-year-old Akayed Ullah is in police custody. Officials say he sustained burns to his abdomen and hands and cuts after the crude pipe bomb exploded.
Law enforcement officials say Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
- By Colleen Long
___
9:55 a.m.
Police have identified the 27-year-old man who detonated an explosive device strapped to his body in the New York City subway.
Police say Akayed Ullah intentionally exploded the crude device in a passageway under Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday. They say he is in custody. They say the device is a crudely-made pipe bomb.
Authorities called the incident an attempted terrorist attack. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands.
Law enforcement officials say he was inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
___
9:45 a.m.
Police Commissioner James O'Neill says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was a terror-related incident.
A 27-year-old man had a crude pipe bomb strapped to him and it went off in a passageway from Seventh and Eighth Avenues near Times Square.
Three people suffered minor non-life-threatening injuries. The suspect was also injured and was taken into custody.
Mayor Bill de Blasio says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was an attempted terrorist attack. He says it's lucky the suspect didn't achieve his ultimate goals.
Law enforcement officials say he was inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
___
9:40 a.m.
A photo published by the New York Post from the scene of the Manhattan subway explosion shows a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and a police officer holding the man's hands behind his back.
Soot covers the man's bare midriff.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following the pipe bomb explosion at the height of the morning rush hour Monday.
None of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:30 a.m.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following a pipe bomb explosion in a New York City subway at the height of the morning rush hour.
Fire officials say Monday none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:15 a.m.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
The explosion filled the passageway with smoke while it was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal, the nation's largest bus hub, was shut down, along with the eight subway lines and all streets around Times Square.
___
8:45 a.m.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off on a New York City subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
___
8:40 a.m.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal are diverting to other locations following an explosion in New York City.
NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken. From there, they can take trains or PATH into the city.
Trains, PATH, light rail and ferries are honoring bus tickets into New York.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
___
8:25 a.m.
A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
There was no immediate word of any other injuries.
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
- Associated Press writer Colleen Long
___
8 a.m.
The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square.
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal.
It's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal.
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
There were no immediate reports of injuries.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

The video will start in 8 Cancel
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are searching for a man who twice punched an innocent passenger in the face at Purley station after dodging through the ticket barriers behind him, to avoid paying.
The 65-year-old male victim got off a train and was leaving the station at about 10.15pm on Monday, February 19, when a man "double shuffled" through the barriers behind him to dodge his fare.
The victim challenged the man on his behaviour, resulting in him getting punched on the left side of his face - causing his glasses to fall to the floor.
As he bent down to pick up his damaged glasses, he was again punched in the face.
British Transport Police (BTP) have released a CCTV image of a man they want to identify and speak to in connection with the attack at the Purley station, on Station Aprroach, off Whytecliffe Road South.
Officers believe he may have information which could help with the investigation.
Do you know him or his current whereabouts?
Anyone with information should contact British Transport Police on 0800 40 50 40 or text 61016, quoting reference 1800012343.
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Reno first baseman Christian Walker was named the Pacific Coast League Player of the Week for the period of April 6-16, hitting .348 (16 for 46) with four home runs, four doubles and 16 RBI in 11 games.
Walker has some steep competition for hottest hitter on the Aces team, however. Outfielder Oswaldo Arcia hit a pair of home runs in Reno’s 13-2 victory over El Paso on Monday, capping a three-game series in which he went 8 for 13 to boost his batting average to .405.
The Aces (6-6) had five home runs in Monday’s victory — two each by Arcia and outfielder Zach Borenstein, and one by pitcher Braden Shipley. Shipley also had his most impressive pitching performance of the season — — giving up five hits, three walks and two earned runs. He struck out five and improved his record to 2-0 with a 5.82 ERA.
While Reno’s starting pitching has been inconsistent, the Aces have gotten solid work out of the bullpen. Left-hander T.J. McFarland and righties Erik Davis, Silvino Bracho and Jimmie Sherfy have yet to give up an earned run. In 25 1/3 combined innings, they’ve limited opposing hitters to 14 hits and seven walks while striking out 33. Bracho has 10 strikeouts and one walk in 5 1/3 innings, and Sherfy has seven strikeouts and no walks in 5 innings.
Double-A Jackson
Generals second baseman Colin Walsh was named Southern League Player of the Week, hitting .371 (13 for 35) with two home runs and seven doubles in nine games. Walsh, 27, is in his first season with the D-backs organization after spending his first seven professional seasons with the Cardinals, Brewers and Athletics.
Jackson (8-2) is three games ahead of the pack in the Southern League’s North Division, leading the league in runs (63) and batting average (.293) and ranking third in ERA (2.50).
Third baseman Dawel Lugo, the organization’s fourth-ranked prospect, and first baseman Kevin Cron are tied for the league lead with four home runs.
Alex Young pitched five shutout innings in a 6-2 win over Mobile on Sunday, and Brad Keller gave up one run over five innings in a 3-2 win on Saturday. Keller is 2-0 with an 0.90 ERA and 11 strikeouts over 10 innings.
Single-A Kane County
Kane County oufielder Marcus Wilson belted a pair of three-run home runs in the Cougars’ 8-4 victory over Quad City on Saturday. The 20-year-old Wilson has four home runs on the season — after hitting just three in the first three seasons of his professional career, covering 165 games.
Wilson, ranked as the D-backs’ No. 21 prospect by mlb.com, has eight hits in his last three games, bumping his season average to .405, with a .511 on-base percentage and .811 slugging percentage. He’s walked eight times and struck out five.
Kane County is off to a 7-3 start and continues to get outstanding pitching, with a 1.45 team ERA through 10 games. Sam McWilliams struck out eight while allowing one hit and no walks over five shutout innings on Thursday. In two starts this season, the 21-year-old McWilliams has yet to give up a run in 10 innings. He’s allowed four base-runners (three hits, one walk) while striking out 13.
Teammate Ryan Atkinson has an 0.77 ERA with 15 strikeouts in 11 2/3 innings, and Jon Duplantier has an 0.00 ERA with 14 strikeouts in 10 innings.

Harrington Police have arrested one and are looking for another involved in a shooting in the parking lot of Lake Forest South Elementary School Sunday afternoon. Police say several people were playing football at W-T Chipman when they were confronted by a group of people. A fight began but as it broke up one suspect fired a handgun multiple times – striking a 17 year old in both legs. Police have arrested 20 year old David Brown of Dover who disposed of the gun, but are still looking for 19 year old Trequon Seth of Dover who fired the gun.

Twitter said Monday that President Donald Trump's weekend tweet warning that North Korea "won't be around much longer!" didn't violate its terms of service, which it said it would clarify publicly at a later date.
Trump tweeted Sunday that if North Korea's foreign minister "echoed thoughts of Little Rocket Man [Trump's nickname for North Korean leader Kim Jong Un] they won't be around much longer!"
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017
Five days earlier, Trump also tweeted that under certain circumstances, the United States "will have no choice but to destroy #NoKo."
In June, the White House said Trump's tweets "are considered official statements by the president of the United States."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Jan. 20: 'Should I Keep the Twitter Going?' Trump Asks 0:55 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In a thread on its Public Policy page, the company said it had been asked why it didn't take down Trump's tweet in light of its rule reading: "You may not make threats of violence or promote violence, including threatening or promoting terrorism."
"We hold all accounts to the same rules, and consider a number of factors when assessing whether Tweets violate our Rules," the company said. "Among the considerations is 'newsworthiness' and whether a Tweet is of public interest."
Related: What Would It Take to Shut Down Trump on Twitter?
It acknowledged, however, that those guidelines were internal and that "we need to do better" on being transparent about its rules.
"We'll soon update our public-facing rules to reflect it," Twitter said.
Making those guidelines public could alleviate some of the criticism the social-media platform has come under since Trump announced his presidential campaign in 2015.
Related: Is President Donald Trump Good For Twitter's Bottom Line?
The company's publicly posted rules already ban "hateful conduct," including direct attacks on other people.
But since he launched his campaign, the president has tagged numerous people with insults like "low class snob," "perv sleazebag" and "low I.Q. crazy," — and he famously labeled his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, as "Crooked Hillary."
Here's the full thread Twitter posted on Monday:
THREAD: Some of you have been asking why we haven't taken down the Tweet mentioned here: https://t.co/CecwG0qHmq 1/6 — Twitter PublicPolicy (@Policy) September 25, 2017
We hold all accounts to the same Rules, and consider a number of factors when assessing whether Tweets violate our Rules 2/6 — Twitter PublicPolicy (@Policy) September 25, 2017
Among the considerations is "newsworthiness" and whether a Tweet is of public interest 3/6 — Twitter PublicPolicy (@Policy) September 25, 2017
This has long been internal policy and we'll soon update our public-facing rules to reflect it. We need to do better on this, and will 4/6 — Twitter PublicPolicy (@Policy) September 25, 2017
Twitter is committed to transparency and keeping people informed about what's happening in the world 5/6 — Twitter PublicPolicy (@Policy) September 25, 2017

Catholic cardinals apparently deserve a break today — and now they can get one at a controversial McDonald's that has opened a football field's length away from the Vatican.
The McDonald's opened Friday in a Vatican-owned building in the Pio Borgo district of Rome, about 100 yards from the Vatican State, the Catholic Press Agency reported Sunday. NPR's Rome correspondent, Sylvia Poggioli, tweeted a picture of the restaurant Saturday.
McDonalds around corner from St Peter's sq, open for business in Vatican-owned building, despite resident protests pic.twitter.com/MW6JYVNNrJ — Sylvia Poggioli (@spoggioli1) December 31, 2016
The opening was low-key, reflecting widespread opposition that broke out when plans for the restaurant — quickly dubbed "McVatican" — were made public in October. McDonald's made no announcement, and the opening wasn't noted in the official Vatican newspaper, L'Osservatore Romano.
Only a new golden arches icon pinned to McDonald's Italia's online map betrays its existence. (The McVatican is open from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m. seven days a week, the listing notes helpfully. Wi-Fi is available.)
The national newspaper La Repubblica reported that McDonald's will pay the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See — basically, the Vatican's property supervisor — more than $30,000 a month for the bottom floor of the building.
But Cardinal Elio Sgreccia, president emeritus of the Pontifical Academy for Life, told the newspaper at the time that the decision to rent the fast food chain almost 5,800 square feet of restaurant space was "aberrant" and "a perversion."
The Nativity scene, background left, and a Christmas tree adorn St. Peter's Square before Christmas Eve mass Dec. 24 at St. Peter's Square in Vatican City. Alessandra Tarantino / AP
Two other McDonald's are also within a stone's throw of the Vatican — one only a few hundred yards from the Vatican Museum and another about 200 yards away at Viale Giulio Cesare. (And there's a Burger King roughly halfway between them.)
What makes the McVatican so controversial, however, is that it's on actual Vatican property. Not only that, but it occupies the bottom floor of a building that is also home to several senior cardinals — among them Gerhard Ludwig Müller, prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, the Vatican office responsible for overseeing church orthodoxy.
Sgreccia told La Repubblica that no price is high enough to justify the "disgrace" of selling "unhealthy" food "that I would never eat" in such a place.
"I repeat, selling mega-sandwiches in Borgo Pio is a disgrace," he said. The rent money could better be used to help "the area's needy ... and suffering, as the Holy Father teaches," he said.

A big-game hunter from Argentina died Saturday when he was trampled by an elephant he was preparing to shoot. AP file photo

[April 24, 2018] New Henry Set to Help Millions Suffering this Allergy-season
CHARD, England, April 24, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- A new addition to the nation's most reliable vacuum brand, the U.K manufacturer Numatic International has announced plans to launch Henry Allergy later this year. With peak allergy-season just around the corner, allergy-sufferers across the U.K are bracing themselves for the arrival of sneezes, sniffles and scratches. For others, allergies are part of life all year round, even in the comfort of their own home. (Photo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/681467/Numatic_International_Henry_Allergy.jpg )
Many suffer scratchy eyes, itchy skin, sneezes and runny noses without realising they are caused by common household allergens. Up to one in three have a dust-related allergy, triggered by tiny allergens, like pollen, pet dander and dust mites, found hiding all around the home. Virtually invisible, these uninvited guests easily escape een the most powerful of household vacuums, triggering asthma, hay fever and pet allergies. Engineered with an innovative, market-leading filtration system, and built into the familiar Henry design, the new Henry Allergy is to be introduced later in the year with the aim of creating a cleaner and allergy-free home. Equipped with an advanced three-tier filtration system, Henry Allergy is scientifically proven to reduce allergens around the home, trapping 99.97% of particles up to 800 times smaller in width than a human hair. Unlike most bagless vacuums, the triple-layer filtration bags and innovative self-seal tab eliminates dust and other mess. Proudly designed, developed and manufactured in Great Britain, Henry is independently rated as the U.K's most reliable vacuum brand. The Henry brand continues to thrive, creating employment for a growing team of a thousand, and exporting worldwide. With more than 10 million made, and most still in use, Henry continues to be the nation's favourite vacuum cleaner.
5 Quick Tips to allergy-proof your home Dust, vacuum and mop those tricky spots, like behind the sofa, beneath the radiator and above the wardrobe. Just because we can't reach them, doesn't mean they're out of reach of allergens. They may be part of the family, but try to keep pets out of the bedroom and off the furniture. Not only do they carry their own allergens, they also bring in pollen from outdoors. Don't let wardrobes turn into floordrobes. Piles of clothes are the perfect place for dust to gather. Dust mites love beds too. Keep them at bay by vacuuming the mattress and changing your sheets frequently. A shower a day washes allergens away. Shower and change clothing at the end of the day to avoid carrying allergens around. myhenry.co.uk

TWO KILLED IN HWY. 52 WRECK
Geneva Reaper
Alabama State Troopers report that a Florala couple was killed Tuesday night when their truck struck a tree on Hwy. 52 between Geneva and Samson.
Troopers report that at 7:15 PM a 1996 Chevy Silverado, driven by 55-year-old Karen Lynn Creech, was headed west and struck a tree in the highway across a power line about two miles east of Samson. Karen Creech and her passenger, 68-year-old Roy Thomas Creech, were both killed.
Both victims were pronounced dead at the scene by Geneva County Coroner Hagler Ward. The investigation continues into the cause of the accident.
In another accident at the same location, Lucy Adams was headed west in a Nissan pickup truck and struck the same tree and power line. Adams was taken to a local hospital for treatment.

RIYADH: With 70 days to go before the end of the campaign of targeting residency and labor violators, preliminary results are already “positive,” according to officials from the General Directorate of Passports and Ministry of Labor and Social Development.
The campaign is helping violators leave the country without facing fines or penalties for violating regulations. Expats are also exempt from the exit fingerprint requirement, allowing them to return to the Kingdom at a later date legally.
Nineteen government entities are participating in the “A Nation without Violators” campaign, which is seeking to help at least 1 million violators leave the country during the three-month grace period. The campaign, which initially was launched four years ago, has facilitated the departure of more that 5.5 million illegal expats.
Via its Twitter account, the General Directorate of Passports has reached out to violating expats in Urdu, English, Indonesian, Arabic and other languages to inform them in daily tweets about how they can take advantage of the campaign that launched on March 29.
The campaign has resulted in large numbers of violators attending to Passports’ location. Nearly 80 locations received illegal expats across the 13 provinces daily. The locations are distributed between 10 in Riyadh, seven in Quasimodo, 12 in Makkah, two in Al-Baba, three in Asir, four each in Madinah and the Northern Border region, two in Jazan, three in Hail, five in Najran, four in Al-Joudeh, six in Tabuk, and 16 in the Eastern Province.
Ministry of Interior spokesman Maj. Gen. Mansoor Al-Turki said various government agencies are working together to ensure the success of the campaign through joint inspections with security agencies.
Turki Al-Manea, general director of the branch of the ministry of labor and social development in Qassim, said the campaign will likely lead to the exit of at least 1 million violators. He noted that this is the second campaign of its kind carried out in the Kingdom in recent years. The same campaign was first launched in 2013 targeting illegal residents and expats working in jobs different to those they were recruited for. The status of nearly 3 million expats was corrected at the time.
He said the campaign “would revive the economies of companies and establishments and protect small businesses and projects from illegal expats, while also reducing unemployment rates and creating a safe economic and social environment.”
Mohammed Al-Sayegh, director general of Passports in Ar Rass, said on Sunday that the exemption applies to fines and other penalties during the three-month grace period, as well as the fingerprints for deported violators. He said many expats have turned themselves in and departed the kingdom already.
The Labor Ministry, in coordination with public security, held a meeting with recruitment companies in the Saudi market recently to discuss their roles in the campaign.
Adnan Al-Naim, undersecretary of the ministry, said recruitment companies play a very important role in the Saudi market, with the 30 companies having 440 offices distributed throughout the Kingdom. These companies have a 70 percent nationalization rate and very low rates of violations, he said.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Naif urged violators to “take advantage of the opportunity during the allotted grace period, and for all to cooperate in achieving the campaign’s goals.”
He also instructed “involved parties to facilitate the departure of violators during the period and exempt them of penalties.”

Image copyright Glos News Service Image caption Mark Kentish was referred to during the hearing as a "gentle giant"
A man died following "inappropriate" restraint by security guards at an industrial estate, an inquest has concluded.
Mark Kentish, 55, was held on the ground for almost 20 minutes by the guards until police arrested him.
A jury at Gloucestershire Coroner's Court said a "failure of care" led to his death in June 2016.
They said his death was caused principally by the stress of his struggle with the guards.
In an narrative conclusion, jurors said the restraint used by the two park staff at Stowfield Business Park in Lower Lydbrook, Gloucestershire, was "inappropriate in both method and duration".
Mr Kentish, from Solihull, West Midlands, had driven to the Wye Valley on 22 June 2016 to visit his disabled father in English Bicknor.
He was referred to during the hearing as a "gentle giant" and an extrovert, larger than life, and a childlike character.
Image copyright Google Image caption Mark Kentish drove to Stowfield Business Park late at night where he was restrained
After the visit he drank heavily before driving to the Stowfield Business Park where, according to the staff there, he was drunkenly trying to tear down the fence around a three million volt electricity sub station.
One of the guards who tackled him, Paul Whiteside, said: "You could hear the fence being rattled and profanities being shouted.
"He was shouting about a dog and saying he was going to kill us all."
As police were dealing with Mr Kentish he became unwell and died at at 00:13 BST on 23 June, despite their efforts to resuscitate him.
In their conclusion, the jur said: "The medical cause of death was stress and struggle against restraint.
"Contributing factors were: coronary artery atheroma, large heart, mild emphysema, effect of obesity and the effect of alcohol and cocaine."
Mr Kentish's partner Kerry Jay and his family said in statement they felt "huge relief and gratitude" that "the truth has come out, of how he met his death".
Assistant coroner Caroline Saunders said she would write to the Security Industry Authority to ask why there was no programme of refresher training or education for guards as to the risks of restraint and positional asphyxia.

Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa seems like a pleasant person, but he reminds us of a used car salesman whenever he's selling his upcoming budget.
One who doesn't want you looking under the hood too closely while he's making his sales pitch.
On Thursday, Sousa boasted to The Empire Club in Toronto that his fifth budget on April 27 will demonstrate that, "Ontario is the leanest government with the lowest per-capita spending of any province."
Um, that's been true for Ontario governments going back decades.
Since Ontario has the largest population of any province, it also has the advantage of economies of scale when delivering public services.
The Bill Davis Progressive Conservative government, for example, made exactly the same boast in 1981-82 that Sousa made Thursday.
When the Liberals are in power, they always boast about delivering services at the lowest per-capita cost of any province.
When they're out of power, they always blame the party in power for not spending enough on government services. (In fairness, all parties do it.)
What Sousa didn't say is that the Liberals have more than doubled Ontario's debt to more than $300 billion since coming to power in 2003, which has made Ontario the most indebted sub-sovereign (non-national) borrower in the world.
He didn't say the auditor general and Ontario's Financial Accountability Office have warned the Liberals that they have plunged the province into precarious levels of debt.
Sousa claimed the Liberal scheme to borrow even more money from Ontario taxpayers to subsidize the electricity bills of hydro ratepayers -- even though they're the same people -- is "fairer because it doesn't ask today's generation alone to pay the entire freight."
That argument turns generations of fiscally prudent thinking -- that you don't stick future generations with huge bills to pay for today's services -- on its head.
Finally, Sousa repeated, for the umpteenth time, that this year's budget will be balanced, later adding along with "next year and the year after that."
Two problems. First, Sousa's promising to balance a budget that won't come down until after the next Ontario election in 2018.
Second, in 2003, then Liberal leader Dalton McGuinty promised before the election not to raise our taxes.
And we all remember what happened after he won.

Since 2015, Gov. Cuomo has been hyping his scheme to remake the state’s electric grid so that by 2030 half of the state’s electricity will come from renewable sources.
But Cuomo’s ambition — to prove his renewable-energy bona fides and thus position himself as a viable Democratic candidate for the White House in two years — is colliding headlong with reality.
Indeed, two events Monday, one in Albany and the other in the upstate town of Somerset, showed just how difficult and expensive his plan has become and how New York ratepayers will be stuck with the bill.
In Albany, the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority released its “offshore-wind master plan.” The agency said it was “charting a course to 2,400 megawatts” of offshore capacity to be installed by 2030. That much capacity (roughly twice as much as now exists in all of Denmark) will require installing hundreds of platforms over more than 300 square miles of ocean in some of the most navigated, and heavily fished, waters on the Eastern Seaboard.
It will also be enormously expensive. According to the latest data from the Energy Information Administration, by 2022 producing a megawatt hour of electricity from offshore wind will cost a whopping $145.90.
Offshore wind promoters claim costs are declining. Maybe so. But according to the New York Independent System Operator, the average cost of wholesale electricity in the state last year was $36.56. Thus, Cuomo’s presidential ambitions will require New York consumers to pay roughly four times as much for offshore electricity as they currently pay for juice from conventional generators.
see also Cuomo doesn't want offshore drilling in New York Gov. Cuomo on Monday asked the US Department of the...
Why is the governor pushing so hard for offshore wind? The answer’s simple: The rural backlash against Big Wind is growing daily.
Just a few hours after NYSERDA released its plan, the Somerset town board unanimously banned industrial wind turbines. The town (population: 2,700) is actively opposing the proposed 200-megawatt Lighthouse Wind project, which, if built, would be one of the largest onshore-wind facilities in the Northeast.
Wednesday, Dan Engert, the supervisor in Somerset, told me his “citizens are overwhelmingly opposed” to having wind projects built near their homes and that Somerset will protect “the health, safety and rural character of our town.”
Numerous other small communities are fighting the encroachment of Big Wind. In the Thousand Islands region, towns like Cape Vincent and Clayton have been fending off wind projects for years. Last May, the town of Clayton approved an amendment to its zoning ordinance that bans all commercial wind projects.
Last September, the Fort Drum Regional Liaison Organization announced its opposition to eight proposed onshore-wind projects due to the deleterious effect those projects could have on radar systems and military aviation. The move by the Watertown-based group, which is dedicated to assuring Fort Drum’s future, will likely derail more than 1,000 megawatts of proposed wind-generation capacity.
The onshore backlash has left Cuomo with no choice but to move his renewable-energy obsession offshore. Last year, in his State of the State Address, Cuomo touted the fact that all of the proposed wind turbines will be so far offshore that “Not even Superman standing on Montauk Point” will be able to see them. The Man of Steel may not be able to see them, but plenty of fishermen will, and they are none too happy at the prospect of having hundreds of offshore platforms obstruct their fishing.
To protect their interests, fishermen and fishmongers from New York, New Jersey, Rhode Island and Massachusetts have filed a federal lawsuit to block an offshore wind lease won by Norwegian oil company Statoil ASA, at the site of one of the best squid and scallop fisheries on the Eastern Seaboard. That lawsuit is still pending.
In short, Cuomo’s push for offshore wind shows how desperate he is to show his pals at the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Sierra Club how much he loves renewable energy. Never mind that New York’s electricity prices are already 40 percent higher than the US average or that his offshore scheme will send those rates even higher.
As Dan Engert asked me Wednesday, “Who is looking out for the ratepayers? That’s the question that should be put to the governor.”
Robert Bryce is a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute.

ST. CLAIRSVILLE, Ohio — An Ohio woman might want to ask some questions if she tries to borrow someone’s urine again to pass a drug test.
WTOV-TV reports 24-year-old Kiana Wallace was sentenced to 18 months in prison Monday, in eastern Ohio’s Belmont County, after submitting a borrowed urine sample that tested positive for drugs. Wallace pleaded guilty earlier this month to attempted tampering with evidence.
Judge Frank Fregiato called the failed urine swap “bizarre” and told Wallace he wouldn’t allow her to make a mockery of the drug and alcohol testing system.
Records show Wallace was sentenced to six months in jail followed by probation in January 2017 for drug possession.
Wallace’s public defender declined to comment Tuesday.

President Trump whisked a “little piece of dandruff” off French President Emmanuel Macron’s suit Tuesday morning during a state visit at the White House.
Trump gushed about his friendship with Macron before leaning over and using his index finger to flick the French leader’s jacket.
“They’re all saying what a great relationship we have and they’re actually correct. It’s not fake news … But we do have a very special relationship,” Trump told reporters. “In fact, I’ll get that little piece of dandruff off. We have to make him perfect. He is perfect.”

Here’s how President Donald Trump’s performance on Wall Street stacks up against other presidents, as he approaches his first 100 days in office. See full story.
Stocks rise as earnings, geopolitics come into view
U.S. stocks rose on Monday, rebounding after a two-week decline for major averages, though investors continued to monitor corporate earnings and the latest developments with geopolitical tensions. See full story.
How the Fed will read the soft CPI and retail sales reports
Disappointments on both inflation and retail sales for March might give reason for Federal Reserve officials to think twice about their plan to ratchet up rates as many as three more times this year. See full story.
Is San Francisco losing its technology talent to other cities?
More tech workers in Silicon Valley are searching online for jobs in other cities. See full story.
5 tax hacks before the April 18 deadline
Preparing for Tax Day is the perfect time to organize your finances. See full story.
If you’re looking for a job, consider these industries. See full story.

Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.

Federal and local authorities are digging on Long Island are digging for yet another murder victim linked to MS-13 gang violence, law enforcement sources told News 4.
Homeland Security Investigations agents and Nassau County police are searching a wildlife reserve in Roosevelt after getting a tip from a suspect with knowledge of the murder.
It's not clear who police think is buried there, but sources said a cadaver dog indicated a positive at the preserve.
It comes the same day a second suspected MS-13 member is set to be arraigned in the death of 15-year-old Angel Soler, who was found dead in a reserve in the town in October.

Fear that Facebook Inc.’s latest black eye will touch off a regulatory avalanche sent the tech-heavy Nasdaq indexes to the steepest losses in six weeks.
Facebook tumbled the most since 2015 after reports that a political advertising firm retained information on millions of users without their consent. That’s drawn the ire of officials on both sides of the Atlantic, with many calling on Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg to appear before lawmakers.
The scrutiny renewed speculation that legislators might crack down on social media and online retailing companies that control vast amounts of personal information on millions of Americans.
“The Facebook stuff is extraordinarily important for the overall market,” Michael Purves, Weeden & Co.’s chief global strategist, said by phone. “If the regulatory clouds come on Facebook, certainly Google and Amazon will face increasing questions about their ability to generate outsized earnings growth if the regulators are going to be beating them.”
The Nasdaq 100 Index sank 2.5 percent and the Nasdaq Composite was off 2.2 percent at 1 p.m. in New York, the steepest slides since Feb. 8, when the market entered its first correction in two years. The tech gauges had reclaimed late-January highs before Monday’s rout.
Apple Inc. also roiled the sector, as plans to build its own displays weighed on suppliers around the globe. The iPhone maker fell 0.7 percent after reports the company has a secret manufacturing facility in California for designing and producing its own device displays. The news reverberated across the supply chain, with some of the company’s biggest competitors tumbling. Japan Display Inc., Sharp Corp. and Samsung Electronics Co. all fell.
Micron, the second-best stock in the Nasdaq 100 this year, added to the misery with investors sending it down 3 percent three days before its quarterly earnings report. The stock was up 131 percent in the past year.
The selloff came after investors poured cash into technology shares last week at a rate not seen since the height of the dot-com bubble. Investors last week pumped $3.3 billion into the PowerShares QQQ Trust Series 1, the biggest exchange-traded fund tracking the Nasdaq 100 index, on speculation the group would continue its market-beating run.
The Nasdaq 100 was up almost 10 percent this year through Friday, more than triple the S&P 500 Index’s return. Google parent Alphabet Inc. lost 3.4 percent, while Amazon fell 2.4 percent.
“Nothing really positive has happened in tech, but it continues to receive inflows due to the fact that portfolio managers see tech as a secular growth story that simultaneously offers exposure to growth while also being somewhat insulated from other market forces,” Tom Essaye, founder of “The Sevens Report,” wrote in a note to clients Monday.
It’s a sea change for the FAANG group that for months was seen as a monolith that would climb higher, together, forever. Now as the tech heavyweights fall, it’s apparent just what’s at stake when investors are so reliant on the performance of a few names.
“If technology is the only area of current leadership, and that begins to soften, that leaves the market vulnerable,” MKM Partners technical analyst Jonathan Krinsky wrote in a note.
While last week set a high water mark for inflows, tech has been dominating all year around the globe. Investors have poured $9.8 billion into the sector since December, according to a Bank of America note from last week citing EPFR Global Data, a pace that would put the total near $50 billion by year’s end.
Looking at the PowerShares ETF, which is better known by its ticker QQQ, Apple is the top holding and Facebook also makes the top five. Combined, the two tech behemoths make up almost 17 percent of the portfolio. The ETF fell 2.8 percent, the most since Feb. 8.
“The FAANG stocks are a considerable portion of the return this year, yet again,” Matt Schreiber, president and chief investment strategist at WBI Investments, said by phone. “If they start to perform poorly, it’s possible the market could lose some of its positive directionality it has had because it has been the leadership in the return.”
The selloff in tech stocks, the market’s biggest winner in 2018, comes at an inconvenient time for the S&P 500, which now hovers near its 50-day moving average after oscillating around the key level over the past month. The industry, the biggest in the benchmark index with 25 percent representation, is also the only one that has fully recovered from the February rout and climbed to fresh highs.

Kate Upton is 24 years old and has as many banners as LeBron James.
And for Upton’s third year on the cover, Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition decided to honor the feat with a trifecta of its own. Upton will get three different covers in the 2017 edition, as was revealed Tuesday on Jimmy Kimmel Live.
The 2017 SI Swimsuit Covers have been revealed. Welcome back, @KateUpton! Follow the link for more photos and video https://t.co/4cszjybbVp pic.twitter.com/y7TguJdPVD — SI Swimsuit (@SI_Swimsuit) February 15, 2017
The cover of the Swimsuit Edition is a closely guarded secret, and Upton hadn’t even seen the images before Kimmel revealed them on TV.
Upton also was on the cover in 2012 and 2013. Last year’s edition featured three separate cover models: Ronda Rousey, Hailey Clauson and Ashley Graham.
Elle Macpherson is the only model with more cover appearances than Upton; she has five, mostly from the 1980s. Upton joins Christie Brinkley, Cheryl Tiegs, Kathy Ireland and Daniela Pestova with her third cover.

HelloBeautiful.com’s “Base Level” column features the hottest new artists we’re buzzing about. Before they make it to the summit of superstardom, we spot them at base level–the beginning of their hopeful journey to the top.
Name: Tosh Alexander
Hometown: Kingston, JA
Musical Influences: Lauryn Hill, Aaliyah, Mariah Carey, Brandy, TLC, Whitney Houston, Diana King
Biggest Break Thus Far: Twerk It by Busta Rhymes feat. Nikki Minaj and myself produced by Pharrell; also signing to BruckOut/PolydorUK Record Label
How Do You Describe Your Sound? It’s eclectic —- a mix up of my Jamaican roots and pop culture. My music varies from emotion filled to dancehall vibes.
If you were the offspring of any entertainer (dead or alive) who would be your parents? Missy Elliott and Bob Marley
What do you want fans to walk away with when they hear your music? I want them to feel connected; If my music helps them to escape or relate for that moment, I would have done my job.
What’s next? I’m ready for whatever is waiting for me I’m focused on getting my music out there, giving my fans the best of me and making Tosh a household name.
RELATED STORIES:
BASE LEVEL: K Goddess Has Big Dreams For Big Bank Rolls
BASE LEVEL: Jamaican Artist Spice Finds International Success On ‘LHHATL’
BASE LEVEL: The Shine Behind Porcelan’s Music
BASE LEVEL: Tosh Alexander’s Music Is An Eclectic Mix Of Her Jamaican Roots And Pop Culture was originally published on hellobeautiful.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:

Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
When we first covered the Do Not Disturb While Driving feature in iOS 11 (see “iOS 11 to Bring Do Not Disturb While Driving,” 21 August 2017), we said: “We’re looking forward to seeing if those horrible distracted driving statistics drop once iOS 11 becomes widespread.” Good news: it looks like they will!
According to a study by EverQuote, makers of the EverDrive safe driving app, 70 percent of EverDrive users kept the Do Not Disturb While Driving feature on, and of those who kept it enabled, phone use while driving dropped by 8 percent.
While that’s not a mind-blowing figure, any decrease is notable when you consider that an estimated 92 percent of drivers in the United States use their phones while driving. According to the United States Department of Transportation, distracted driving killed 3450 people in 2016; we’re still waiting for the 2017 figures that will show if Do Not Disturb While Driving has reduced accidents.
Read original article

CNN anchor Anderson Cooper and actress Kathy Griffin had "special guests" as they helped CNN's audience welcome in the New Year.
Cooper and Griffin had puppets of themselves before the live televised audience in Times Square while viewers waited for the ball to drop in New York City.
"I've never felt this way about a puppet before," Cooper joked on camera. Griffin's puppet teased Cooper's puppet about drinking on camera.
"I'm trying to get fired by 9:05 p.m.," Cooper's puppet shot back. Watch a clip from the interaction below courtesy of CNN.

My partner and I are polar opposites when it comes to going to the salon. For him, having his hair shampooed is his favorite part. He loves it and would probably still find it relaxing if he was sitting on a boulder. Me? I can’t stand it. I don’t like my hair played with and find some shampoo chairs very uncomfortable. We both look at each other like, “What is wrong with you?”
At your salon, you’re going to come across clients that run the gambit between the two of us.
Finding a chair that fits your style, your budget, and the needs of your clientele can be a bit overwhelming. Let’s break down key features to look at so you can narrow down exactly what you’re looking for.
Combination or freestanding chairs: Which is right for your salon?
There are a couple of directions you can go when you’re looking at setting up your shampoo stations–attached combination backwash units or individual shampoo chair with separate shampoo bowls.
Combination backwash units are more luxurious, comfortable, and pampering, but that comes with a higher price tag. The shampoo chairs are plush and are attached to matching sinks. These units are large and need to be installed by a plumber. They’re a great option if you have the space and the budget to devote to them. Combination units tend to run between $200 for simple stations and up to $2000 for luxe chairs with full body Shiatsu massage. If your salon has enough space that you don’t need your shampoo area to multi-task, full backwash units are a way to impress your clients and give them some celebrity-level pampering that leads to more word of mouth.
However, in a small salon, trying to cram these large units in can make your space too crowded and claustrophobic. In that common situation, freestanding chairs make more sense. For home salon businesses or if you need your shampooing abilities to be mobile, separate shampoo chairs and sinks are a must. These chairs open up your options. If space is limited, some of these can double as waxing, styling, or barber chairs. Others even fold up to be stowed away as needed.
Either way, you’ll likely want at least one set of a separate shampoo bowl and chair because you’re bound to have clients who will have physical limitations that either prevent them from getting into your backwash units or from transferring out of their wheelchairs.
What to look for in a shampoo chair.
Space. Be sure to take stock and measure out the kind area you’re working with as there are compact and larger shampoo chairs to suit your needs. Shampoo chairs with footrests provide comfort, but when you’re measuring, make sure you take into account its length when extended. You don’t want clients’ feet to cut too far into the walking lanes of your salon. If space is at a serious premium, like say in your home, look for an all purpose chair that can function as a styling and shampoo chair.
Flexibility. This covers a couple of things. If you’re the type who likes to rearrange or redecorate your salon often, go with freestanding shampoo chairs so you don’t feel penned in by these large fixtures that are more difficult to move and expensive to replace.
Salon chairs that have footrests and recline farther back are a great feature to look for if you intend to use your shampooing station for facial waxing or threading.
Durability. If a shampoo chair isn’t completely waterproof–forget it.
Style. Having cohesive styling is important to the overall impression your salon gives. Keep in mind if your current furniture has a more classic look or more sleek and modern. Chances are you’ll want your standalone shampoo chairs to fade into the background and your styling or barber chairs to be more prominent. Check out my guide to the best salon chairs for hair stylists.
Ease of use for stylists. Pretty is one thing, but you want to make sure your chairs easy to use. Pay attention to height and if the chair reclines automatically or needs to be manually reclined. Will they leave enough space for you to have rolling salon trolleys with the needed supplies if you don’t have a dedicated cabiniet for your shampoo station? (See my article on the best salon trolley carts.) If you’re looking at all purpose chairs, is it reasonable to expect your stylists to move the chair to the sink or move a portable sink to the chair?
Comfort. This may be the top priority, just below waterproof, but you could argue not wanting to be wet falls under comfort. Your clients want to escape for a little while and feel pampered. They spend a long time in these chairs and, as someone who has spent their fair share of time there, I can say that if a salon doesn’t have chairs with proper cushion and support, I’m finding somewhere else to go.
Now, let’s take a look at the best reclining shampoo chairs on the market right now and the features each one has to offer.
1. Minerva Portable Shampoo Chair
If you’re looking for a shampoo chair that is easily mobile and can be carried not only across the salon floor but also travel to clients’ houses, the Minerva Portable Shampoo Chair is a great choice. This chair folds up flat so it can be stored out of the way when not needed and easily unfolded when it is. The compact design includes a built in handle to make travel more convenient. At 33 pounds, it’s a little bulky for a portable chair but that weight accounts for this chair’s stability and the hardware needed for it to recline the way it does. For a very minimal looking chair, this stainless steel frame can hold clients up to 350 pounds which won’t be sturdy enough for everyone, but it will work for most.
The extendable headrest helps you adjust your chair to each client. This is a good portable choice for shampooing, waxing, and even short facials because it reclines almost completely flat which is fairly unique for a shampoo chair. That said, it does have the look of a folding chair so if you don’t need your chair to travel, keep reading. The Minerva Portable Shampoo Chair comes in grey and white, but keep in mind that white is more likely to show staining over time.
Price: $349
Pros:
Highly portable with carrying handle
Holds up to 350 pounds
Extending headrest
Reclines to nearly horizontal
Choice of colors
One year warranty
Cons:
Looks temporary
Lacks deep comfortable cushion
2. LCL Beauty Automatic Recline Shampoo Chair
When you’re on a budget, this shampoo chair from LCL Beauty can fit the bill while looking like it costs more that it does. This chair automatically reclines as your clients lean back, making it a convenient and simple shampoo chair. The high density foam padding with black PVC leather upholstery provides comfortable support and prevents sitting fatigue. The crosshatch stitching makes the chair just visually interesting enough to not be a boring flat black chair while not being too eye catching to draw a lot of attention. I like that it can hold up to 400 pounds and that it has padded armrests. For a steel frame chair, it’s light at under 30 pounds, but that does mean that it’s not likely to be the most durable chair that will last you years and years. It will need some assembly so round up your Ikea-loving friends.
Price: $79.88
Pros:
Affordable
Holds up to 400 pounds
Comfortable cushion
Automatically reclines
Cons:
Assembly required
Not as durable as higher priced units
3. Hydraulic Reclining Shampoo Chair
When you’re tight on space, you need a chair that can do everything–hair styling, facial waxing, shaving, and shampooing. This is especially true for home salons where you may only have space for a single chair. This Reclining Shampoo Chair doubles as a styling chair complete with foot pump hydraulics, metal footrest, and 360 degrees of spin. For waxing, threading, or shampooing, a lever on the side reclines this chair down to 150 degrees–for reference, 180 degrees would be completely horizontal. The headrest is adjustable and removable for easy shampooing.
The circular base is chrome and low profile to prevent stubbed toes and give you more space to move around. This type of base, however, is slightly less stable than the four leg foundation of most shampoo chairs. If the client is top heavy and reclining all the way back, this one is more vulnerable to tipping than chair-type models. That said, it’s not a prevalent problem, just a feature of this kind of base. It’s a good chair on a budget, but you will get what you pay for. This won’t be the most long lasting, durable chair, but if you need something to function as an all-purpose chair for under $200, this one would be a good choice.
Price: $199.99
Pros:
All-purpose, reclining chair
Padded armrests
Adjustable and removable headrest
Low profile base
Cons:
Needs assembly
Single base more prone to tipping than four legs
Great for the price
4. Azle Salon Shampoo Chair
The Azle Salon Shampoo Chair is a classic design that works. This simple, plain chair style automatically reclines as the client leans back so they can comfortably adjust themselves to be level with the shampoo bowl. The shape will blend into almost any style and will fade into the background. The reinforced metal frame is finished in black which more easily hides unavoidable scuffing over time. Padded armrests and durable black vinyl cushion help your clients relax. This design is a traditional choice that is traditional for a reason.
Price: $160.46
Pros:
Classic design
Automatically reclines
Black frame hides scuffs and scratches
Padded armrests
Cons:
Too boring for some
No weight limit given
5. LCL Beauty Comfort-Curve Sling-Back Reclined Shampoo Chair
Here we have another chair that starts in a reclined position. This chair from LCL Beauty has a unique sling-back look to it that seems like you could just curl up into. The high density foam lends support while the padded armrests provide comfort and aid your clients sitting back up from this lounge-style chair. The crosshatch design enhances the scooped shape of this chair and gives it an even more unique look.
Like with other reclined chairs, you do need to either have an adjustable shampoo bowl or carefully measure to make sure your shampoo bowl works with a 25.5 inch tall chair. My main issue is that this chair is fairly lightweight to be a reclined chair at about 20 pounds lighter than the Spartan reclined chair. That’s a potential problem for me because it takes people a bit more effort to sit up from a recline than it does when the chair tilts back up to neutral and that extra force can leave a lightweight chair prone to tipping forward. Just something to keep in mind.
Price: $99.88
Pros:
Relaxed lounge chair design
Padded arms
One year warranty
Wide seat
Cons:
Lightweight for a reclined chair
Need to match bowl height
No weight limit given
Some assembly
6. Icarus ‘Liger’ Black Reclining Salon Shampoo Chair
As far as decor goes, this chair is rather plain looking but this shampoo chair keeps it interesting by reclining much like a typical reclining armchair in your living room does. With one lever on the side, the seat reclines back and the footrest lifts up. It’s a familiar motion and one clients will certainly associate with relaxation and taking time for themselves. The chair and armrests are covered in soft cushioning and durable vinyl upholstery. The chrome legs and arms are reinforced and the chair has a sturdy feel to it at around 40 pounds.
Price: $229.99
Pros:
Relaxing reclining armchair design
Stylish chrome legs
Padded armrests
Sturdy metal frame
Cons:
Some assembly
7. LCL Beauty Deluxe Oak Reclining Shampoo Chair
If the above recliner chair action had you interested, this chair has a similar mechanism at a lower price. It’s not quite as sleek looking but it does offer something a little different: independent reclining. The backrest on this one reclines and the padded footrest raises up, but you can do one without the other which gives you more flexibility and gives your clients more control over their comfort. If people would rather not have their feet up, you can just lower the headrest. I doubt people would want to just have the footrest up at a salon, but hey, you can do it if the occasion arises. It’s always nice to have options.
I will say that while the footrest lever is conveniently on the side, the lever to recline and adjust the backrest is on the back of the chair which may be tricky to reach when abutting a shampoo station. I love that there is three inches of high density foam on this chair providing firm support that will last and not just flatten out in a few months. That’s the sort of padding I’d look for when researching my guide to the best massage tables. The oak wood armrests have a nice look to them though you may miss the padding.
Price: $124.88
Pros:
Backrest and footrest move independently
Three inch cushion
Oak wood armrests
One year warranty
Cons:
Assembly required
Backrest lever trickier to get to
8. Icarus ‘Leisure’ Reclined Shampoo Chair
If you love the look of combination backwash units but that just isn’t in the cards for your space, these Leisure shampoo chairs from Icarus bridge the gap. They look like a larger, chic backwash unit but still give you the flexibility of being able to move it around as necessary. I don’t want it to seem like I’m saying it’s not a large chair, because it is. You do want to make sure your space can fit these as when reclined you’re looking at about 50 inches long from head to toe.
The sleek curved lines and plush cushioning will have your clients looking forward to sinking into these chairs. The padded footrest reclines, but like several others, the reclined headrest doesn’t tilt back any farther than it does at the start. So this works best with adjustable shampoo bowls or very careful measurements to be sure your shampoo bowl works with a chair that’s 31 inches tall. While some reclined chairs are less substantial and vulnerable to tipping as the client sits up, at around 100 pounds, this chair very stable.
Price: $429.99
Pros:
Replicates look of full backwash unit
Fully upholstered in quality vinyl
Padded footrest
Modern curved design
Durable and sturdy
Cons:
Some assembly
Works best with adjustable height shampoo bowls
9. LCL Beauty Deluxe Reclining Shampoo Chair
The LCL Beauty Deluxe is a chair that gives you lots of options. Like the LCL chair above with oak accents, this chair has an upright position and separate levers for reclining the backrest and extending the padded footrest. This gives your clients the ability to customize their position to their comfort. The lever for the footrest is at easy reaching level for the client and the backrest lever is located on the back of the chair which can be a little tricky for stylists to reach depending on your setup. There’s a huge range of recline for these chairs and, with the backrest lever, you’re able to lock the chair in the desired position, a little like a poolside lounge chair. When fully extended this chair is about 49 inches long. The three inch high density foam cushion allows for maximum comfort and long lasting support and the crosshatch black vinyl displays a classic salon aesthetic.
Price: $79.88
Pros:
Holds up to 350 pounds
Separate levers for backrest and footrest
Three inches of high density foam
One year warranty
Padded armrests
Crosshatched design
Cons:
Some assembly
10. Icarus ‘Spartan’ Reclined Shampoo Chair
The Spartan from Icarus has a different take on the shampoo chair. This one doesn’t have an upright position and is, instead, in a permanent recline.. With the thick, plush cushion, when you sit down and lean back it’s immediately relaxing. Do keep in mind that an reclined seat back may make it a little more difficult for older clients or others with mobility limitations to be able to easily sit back up. A lever extends the front of the chair for a padded footrest nice enough to nearly fall asleep. The sleek look of the chrome arms and legs add some shine and class to a piece of furniture that is so often just a plain old chair. If you want this stylish chair in your salon, you are going to need to do some measuring. Since the back is already reclined, it doesn’t recline farther back to bring the client to the shampoo bowl. For that reason it works best with adjustable shampoo bowls or bowls that match up to the chair’s height of 29.5 inches.
Price: $299.99
Pros:
Relaxing, lounge-style chair
Comfortable cushion with footrest
Stylish chrome arms
Durable upholstery
Cons:
Have to measure to make sure it works with your bowls
The recline isn’t adjustable
Some assembly
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.

SE Lithuanian Airports announced (05-Oct-2017) the Lithuanian Government created a new strategic committee, tasked with running the proposed concession of Kaunas International Airport, Palanga International Airport and Vilnius International Airport. As previously reported by CAPA, the Government approved draft guidelines for the concessions in 2016. SE Lithuanian Airports however stated the new committee is examining the "possible development of the new airport in Lithuania" as an alternative to the initial scope of the three airport concession project. The results of the analysis will be announced in a six month period. [more - original PR - English/Lithuanian]

Russian filmmaker Andrey Konchalovsky will be presented with the Fellini Award for his exceptional contribution to cinematography at the Bari International Festival, scheduled to be held on April 22 in Bari, Italy, The Andrei Konchalovsky Production Center press service announced.
"The festival, founded in 1999, is mainly aimed at a young and enthusiastic audience. This time it will start with Andrei Konchalovsky’s film ‘Paradise’, to be attended by 1,500 students. After the festival, the famed director will provide a master class for the audience. At the evening’s official ceremony, Andrei Konchalovsky will be presented with the award, that was previously given to Jean-Jacques Annaud, Max von Sydow, Andrzej Wajda, Tonino Guerra, and Paolo Sorrentino," the statement says.
Based on the event’s tradition, three films by each award winner will be screened at the festival, including Konchalovsky’s ‘Maria's Lovers’ (1984) and ‘Runaway Train’ (1985).
Andrei Konchalovsky, a world-renowned Russian filmmaker and President of the Nika Russian Academy of Cinema Arts, is famous for his films, A Nest of Gentlefolk, The Story of Asya Klyachina, Tango & Cash, and The Nutcracker. Andrey Konchalovsky is a son of Sergey Mikhalkov and the brother of Nikita Mikhalkov.
Source: TASS

Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham councillors will for the first time in their history be entitled to maternity and paternity pay.
Under the new pay deal, set to be adopted next week, councillors will continue to receive their £16,267 a year basic allowance for at least six months of maternity leave, possibly longer.
It means rank and file councillors have gone from having no parental leave allowance to having better terms than staff and has prompted calls for council workers maternity terms to be improved.
Senior councillors with extra responsibilities such as cabinet members who get £25,000 per year on top of their basic allowance, or those who chair committees, will also be entitled to maternity pay.
This will be set at 90 per cent of the special responsibility allowance for the first six weeks, 50 per cent between weeks seven and 18 and the statutory rate of £145.18 per week up to week 39.
Councillors are also entitled to two weeks paid paternity leave under the new scheme.
The scheme has been brought in 18 months after Labour councillor Brigid Jones, 31 who is now the city's deputy leader, complained that she would have to give up work to start a family as there is no maternity pay, sick pay or pension scheme.
At the time she was cabinet member for children's services overseeing a £1.2 million budget and thousands of staff.
She said: “Back in the day councils used to be made up of Victorian gentlemen, retired or business owners who could afford to do it as a hobby or in their spare time.
"It is now a full time job, and yet we are treated as volunteers and paid an allowance. We righlty get taxed on that and it should be a salary.
“It’s such an honour to be elected, you don’t think about it until later. It's like the dark ages."
She was concerned that the lack of support would deter young women like her from taking senior roles with the council.
Opposition Conservatives have supported the move to improve parental leave as being a councillor in Birmingham is now a demanding full time role.
But want a better deal for staff too saying the city council as a major employer should take a lead on parental leave rights.
Tory deputy leader Debbie Clancy said: "It is not only the right thing to do, we also know that better parental leave is good for us as employers too.
"It improves staff retention, keeping skills and knowledge in the organisation and also helps to attract new talent, as well as enhancing staff morale and wellbeing- improving productivity and reducing sickness absence. If we have happy employees, with happy families, we will have improved services to residents. Everybody wins."
They have called for a review to bring it into line with the six months full pay now being offered to back bench councillors.

WEST CHESTER, OH--(Marketwired - Oct 6, 2017) - AK Steel ( NYSE : AKS) announced today that it will implement an electrode surcharge for all stainless product shipments effective October 29, 2017. The addition of this surcharge is necessary due to the recent and significant increase in the cost of graphite electrodes, which are used in the production of stainless steel grades in the steelmaking operations of the company.
The monthly electrode surcharge amount will be the same for all stainless grades produced by AK Steel, and will be listed in the company's existing monthly surcharge publication. The electrode surcharge amount will be $13.20 per ton for shipments in November 2017.
AK Steel
AK Steel is a leading producer of flat-rolled carbon, stainless and electrical steel products, primarily for the automotive, infrastructure and manufacturing, electrical power generation and distribution markets. Through its subsidiaries, the company also provides customer solutions through carbon and stainless steel tubing products, die design and tooling, and hot and cold stamping. Headquartered in West Chester, Ohio (Greater Cincinnati), the company employs approximately 9,400 men and women at manufacturing operations across seven states (Alabama, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia), as well as Canada and Mexico. Additional information about AK Steel is available at www.aksteel.com.

We all know how big a fan Varun Dhawan is when it comes to WWE, and the Judwaa 2 star got the opportunity to spend time with stars like Triple H, Jinder Mahal and various other wrestlers and hosted the Delhi version of WWE.
Also, Jinder Mahal lost to Triple H but had no qualms of losing and said, "No shame in facing defeat by the greatest of all time." Check out the pictures below...

Dayton Philharmonic honors Arthur Fiedler
at Schuster
By Tim Smith
Mention the words “Pops Concert,” and many music lovers instantly picture the late great Arthur Fiedler, the longtime conductor of the Boston Pops Orchestra. Fiedler manned the podium in Boston’s Symphony Hall for more than forty years, delighting generations of concertgoers with his blend of light classical fare mixed with popular music favorites. The Dayton Philharmonic Orchestra, under the direction of Maestro Neal Gittleman, will pay homage to the legend when they stage “Fiedler’s Favorites” on June 1 and 2 at the Schuster Center.
Fiedler was sometimes criticized for over-popularizing music, particularly when adapting popular songs or edited portions of the classical repertoire, but he kept performances informal and sometimes self-mocking to attract a bigger audience. This approach earned him the nickname “America’s Conductor.” Neal Gittleman, the DPO’s Music Director, feels that it’s an accurate description.
“That was ALL due to his work with the Boston Pops,” Gittleman says. “During the Fiedler era, the Pops was one of the best known and most popular orchestras in
the country.”
Much of that popularity was due to a little thing called the Public Broadcasting System. “Evening at Pops” was an American concert TV series produced by WGBH-TV in Boston. It is one of the longest-running programs on PBS, airing from 1970 to 2005. The program was a public TV version of a variety show, featuring performances by the Boston Pops Orchestra, often with name guest stars performing signature tunes.
“Pops concerts were popular and widespread well before the Evening at Pops PBS broadcasts,” Gittleman says. “For years, the Boston Pops had been an important arm of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, performing popular and less-expensive-to-produce concerts whose revenue helped underwrite the more expensive performances of the Boston Symphony. Once news of that successful business model got around in the orchestra world, many other orchestras in many other cities replicated the
‘Fiedler Formula.’”
Despite the program’s overwhelming popularity and the worldwide exposure it generated, it proved to be a mixed blessing for many other orchestras who attempted to cash in on the concept.
“Ironically, the television broadcasts made things perhaps a little more difficult,” Gittleman says. “That’s because television viewers saw excerpts from several concerts, not a single concert performed for TV. Then when they went to see their own local orchestra do a Pops concert, they were expecting to see the same kind of thing they saw on television, with multiple guest artists performing on what seems to be the same concert. And it was never really like that at all!”
Under Fiedler’s direction, the Boston Pops reportedly made more recordings than any other orchestra in the world, with total sales exceeding $50 million. It began in 1935, with a world premiere recording of Jacob Gade’s “Jalousie,” which eventually sold more than a million copies, and the first complete recording of George Gershwin’s “Rhapsody in Blue.” In 1946, he conducted the first American recordings devoted to excerpts from a film score, Dmitri Tiomkin’s “Duel in the Sun.” This highlights the debate among purists, that a Pops concert should focus solely on either light classical music or popular tunes.
“Those are all elements of the classic Fielder-style pops concert,” Gittleman says. “He’d combine all those things. But in the post-Fiedler era, most orchestras choose one of those definitions or the other. Our concert tries to recreate the ‘old school’ model
just a bit.”
The DPO’s regular season includes a number of such programs under their SuperPops banner. Performances from this past season alone included Sophisticated Ladies, featuring three Broadway and cabaret singers, A Swingin’ Christmas, a tribute to the Brill Building songwriters such as Burt Bacharach and Neil Sedaka, and guest performances by Doc Severinsen and Jackie Evancho. The added allure of name guest performers may have raised the eyebrows of classical music enthusiasts, but it didn’t seem to hurt attendance.
“Of course, a concert like last month’s, with Jackie Evancho, packs some star power with the audience,” Gittleman says. “But our audience also loves the orchestra, and this program shines the spotlight right on the members of the DPO. Plus, it’ll be a lot of fun, with some wonderful surprises in store. If I revealed what they are, the audience wouldn’t be surprised, would they?”
Audiences attend symphony orchestra performances for a variety of reasons in a variety of seasons. These range from the traditional home fire comfort of a Christmas concert to an old fashioned Fourth of July spectacular, where they expect to hear Tchaikovsky’s “1812 Overture,” complete with cannon fire at the climax. Whatever the reason, Gittleman has his own personal takeaway wishes for anyone attending
“Fiedler’s Favorites.”
“Two things—love for their hometown orchestra, and a great big smile!”
Fiedler’s Favorites will be presented by the Dayton Philharmonic Orchestra on June 1 and June 2 at the Schuster Performing Arts Center, One West 2nd St., Dayton. For tickets or more information, call 937.228.7591, or visit daytonperformingarts.org

Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback. What do you think? I‘ll use it in the future
I don‘t think I‘ll use it Please tell us why (optional) Send Feedback
Since Donald Trump became US president in January, lawyers and judges across the country have been drawn into a series of highly charged political battles, frequently on issues of religion and race. These have gained even greater prominence by being played out on social media by the “tweeter-in-chief”, as in the tweet below, 24-hour news and late-night talk shows.
Battle was joined almost as soon as Mr Trump entered the White House with one of his first executive orders, on January 27, barring entry into the US for the citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries. The legal reaction was instant, with lawyers heading to airports to help those affected, the president firing his acting US attorney-general Sally Yates, after she ordered the justice department not to enforce the ban, and judges from several states blocking the order.
Mr Trump issued a second order on March 6, this time affecting citizens from six nations. Led by Neal Katyal, a former acting solicitor-general in the Obama administration, a team at Hogan Lovells quickly decided they wanted to challenge the move, but with the unusual strategy of using a US state as plaintiff. The attorney-general of Hawaii, the state with the largest proportion of multiracial Americans, filed a lawsuit against ban number two, saying the president had acted unconstitutionally and in violation of US immigration laws. On March 16 a Hawaii federal judge blocked Mr Trump’s revised order.
The battle continues. The US president has made a third attempt at a travel ban, which was blocked in October by the same Hawaii judge.
This wave of “legal resistance” has made some people uneasy that US judges and other legal professionals are stepping beyond their remit — a point referred to obliquely by Neil Gorsuch, who was picked by Mr Trump as a Supreme Court justice, when he said in a recent speech: “In our legal system judges wear robes, not capes.”
Mr Katyal is unrepentant. “Law firms and all members of the profession have [an] obligation to protect all those who need a voice and need protection,” he says. “The system of checks and balances only works when you have people willing to fight for them.”
The legal sector’s tussles with the Trump administration go beyond travel bans and corresponding legal challenges. The president has also been criticised for his choice of federal judges, on grounds of suitability and diversity. His attempt to bar openly transgender people from serving in the military has been blocked, as has his executive order seeking to defund “sanctuary cities”, which aim to protect undocumented immigrants from deportation.
Against a backdrop of heightened racial tensions in the US — which also frequently manifested themselves during the Obama administration — other lawyers have fought their own battles. In 2015 Cooley joined a case against the authorities of the Californian city of Escondido, which had refused a non-profit housing programme a permit to run a home for unaccompanied migrant children, many of them fleeing violence and persecution in Central America.
In our legal system, judges wear robes, not capes
Along with the American Civil Liberties Union and others, Cooley claimed the city was using zoning and land use rules as a pretext to discriminate against the children. In March 2017 Escondido agreed to pay $550,000 to settle the case without admission of liability, an outcome the ACLU said sent a message “that such discriminatory practices will not go unchallenged”.
In Arizona, a similar case was decided after a seven-year battle, when Weil, Gotshal & Manges challenged the state of Arizona’s ban on ethnic studies in public schools. The ban was enforced only against a Mexican-American studies programme in Tucson. Weil joined the legal battle in September 2015, arguing that the state’s official reasons for the ban were pretexts for discriminatory views and were anti-constitutional. In August, an Arizona judge found that former state officials had been motivated by “anti-Mexican-American attitudes” and racial animus — a rare ruling for a court to make.
Such divisions have given a fresh impetus to a longstanding tradition of pro bono legal work.
In 2008 Chubb, the world’s largest publicly listed property and casualty insurer by market capitalisation, set up its Rule of Law fund, which has provided more than $800,000 in grants to projects focused on access to legal advice, support for the judiciary in emerging markets, legislation drafting and combating crime including corruption and money laundering.
It also supports a fellowship for graduate students of the University of Pennsylvania law school.
It supported a report, published in August, by the Juvenile Law Center in the US into the practice of holding youth inmates in solitary confinement, and guidance developed by the International Committee of Jurists for judges in Africa on organised cross-border crime.
“Almost all our lawyers [around the world] could get involved in local pro bono work that is core to their own personal interests,” says Nicola Port, international counsel at Chubb. “It is fundamental to our vocation as lawyers to believe in and support the rule of law.”

$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends

Danielle Bregoli is determined to not fade away into obscurity. The 13-year-old living and breathing meme has an online clothing store, with hoodies and sweaters with her famous catchphrase adorned on the front.
These sweaters have landed her in a little bit of hot water, however. Clothing manufacturer Hanes sent Bregoli and her mother a letter asking her to stop selling her hoodies and sweaters featuring that stitching, because the “C” used is nearly identical to the logo used by Champion sportswear, which is owned by Hanes.
A sneak peak of our new Fall/Winter '16 Collection! All about what #RealChampions want – style, comfort & quality. pic.twitter.com/YLWjfpcQbb — ChampionUSA (@ChampionUSA) May 11, 2016
In a statement obtained by TMZ, Hanes says it needs to protect its “extensive consumer goodwill and reputation.” Hanes gave the Bregolis a week to cease production of any of the merch with the similar “C.”

Photo: Jason Bachman (Flickr) Scientists are still learning about humanity's ancient ancestors.
Based on anatomical and genetic evidence chimpanzees are humanity’s closest living relatives. Anthropologists want to find out where and when the split happened between the closest ancestors of humans, called hominins, and the ancestors of modern chimpanzees.
The Great Split
In the past, researchers theorized the split happened in Africa, about seven to ten million years ago. And that led to theories that human ancestors didn’t migrate to Asia and Europe until about two million years ago.
In 2017, a team of researchers from Europe and Canada published findings that human ancestors were in Europe around seven point two million years ago.
New Analysis
They were studying a fossil hominin discovered in Greece way back in 1944 by German soldiers digging a bunker. The hominin is called Graecopithecus freybergi.
The scientists analyzed the sediment in which the fossil was found, and the sediment in which a second specimen was found in Bulgaria. The ages for both came out the same, which is further evidence that the finding is reliable.
With that evidence, it may have potentially confirmed a theory: human ancestors were in Europe much earlier than when scientists had previously thought. The evolution of our earliest direct ancestors may have happened in Europe instead of Africa.
Teeth
But, anthropologists don’t agree Graecopithecus was actually a human ancestor. Because all they have are its jaw bone and teeth, the argument comes down to a matter of tooth structure.
Apes of many sorts were much more abundant back then than they are today. It’s estimated that there were one hundred different species. The tooth structure could have evolved independently in a non‑hominin.
So, while there’s evidence that supports Graecopithecus was in Europe, there needs to be further studies done on this species to determine whether or not it is an ancestor of humans.
Thank you to Scott Blumenthal of Oxford University for reviewing this episode’s script.
Sources And Further Reading:

Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Its Tax Day 2018…which means if you haven’t done your taxes, do them.
It also means there are specials available everywhere today…here are some that you may find in the DMV
Noodles & Company. From Wednesday, April 12 – Tuesday, April 18, Noodles & Company’s “File Online, Order Online” offer gives those who file their taxes digitally (and those who don’t!) $4 off any $10 purchase placed through order.noodles.com using the code “TAXDAY17” at checkout.
Office Depot & OfficeMax. Free bulk bin shredding of up to five pounds is available to help taxpayers dispose of private financial information. Visit officedepot.com/shredding to print a coupon for this free bulk bin shredding offer, valid through April 29 and can be redeemed at any Office Depot or OfficeMax stores.
Planet Fitness. From Saturday, April 15 – Saturday, April 22, consumers can receive a free HydroMassage at any Planet Fitness location. De-stressers need only bring in a coupon available on PlanetFitness.com (starting April 15) before relaxing their cares away.
JetBlue. This year, JetBlue is giving customers the chance to win a one-way flight with the first-ever JetBlue Tax Return Return Flight. Here’s how it works: (1) Visit JetBlueTaxReturnFlight.com before April 25; (2) Fill out the required fields and let us know if you owe money this year to Uncle Sam. Clicking “yes” will enter you to win a one-way flight; and (3) Wait to see if you win! We will notify you if you’ve won a one-way flight for your next trip on JetBlue.
BLT Steak
1625 I St., NW
This downtown steakhouse is offering 50% off all alcoholic beverages all day long, including cocktails, craft beers, and wines by the bottle and glass.
Centrolina
974 Palmer Alley, NW
Grab a free drip coffee with any purchase in the market of this CityCenterDC Italian venture, offered 8 am to 11 am. The bar/restaurant pours a special $9 cocktail all day and evening.
Trummer’s on Main
7134 Main St., Clifton, VA
Feel fancy for less with $1 Rappahannock oysters and $7 sparkling wines by the glass, available for both lunch and dinner.
Osteria Morini
301 Water St., SE
Happy hour runs all day at this Navy Yard Italian. Dig into $10 bowls of house-made pasta from 5 to 10 pm, and enjoy 20 % off all drinks (imported beers, hand-crafted cocktails, scotches, and more) all day.
Hula Girl
4044 Campbell Ave., The Village at Shirlington
Enjoy an extended happy hour from 5 to 9 pm with $20 bottles of vintage wines.
Kapnos Taverna, Kapnos Kouzina, and Kapnos
4000 Wilson Blvd., Arlington; 4900 Hampden Ln., Bethesda; 2201 14th St., NW
Drink in an all-day happy hour in the bar of Kapnos Taverna (Arlington) and Kouzina (Bethesda). The DC flagship offers an extended hour, available until 9 pm.
Pepita Cantina
4000 Wilson Blvd., Arlington
This Mexican bar/restaurant celebrates Tax Day with an all-day happy hour.
Requin
Mosaic District, 8296 Glass Alley, Fairfax
Celebrate the end of tax season with extended hours for Requin’s happy hour menu (available until 9 pm).
Graffiato
707 6th St., NW
Graffiato is offering an all-day happy hour at the bar with specials on drinks and food.
G by Mike Isabella
2201 14th St., NW
Mike Isabella’s casual restaurant next to Kapnos is offering an all-day happy hour menu at the bar for Tax Day.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:

(WSVN) - (WSVN) – Who said you can’t find love thousands of feet in the air? Twitter user Rosey Blair shared an entire thread of messages proving that true love may find its way between two strangers on a flight.
On Tuesday morning, Blair wrote, “Last night on a flight home, my boyfriend and I asked a woman to switch seats with me so we could sit together. We made a joke that maybe her new seat partner would be the love of her life and well, now I present you with this thread.”
Last night on a flight home, my boyfriend and I asked a woman to switch seats with me so we could sit together. We made a joke that maybe her new seat partner would be the love of her life and well, now I present you with this thread. — Rosey Blair (@roseybeeme) July 3, 2018
The thread has amassed nearly 200,000 retweets and nearly half a million likes. The thread is full of photos of a couple videos.
Check out the thread below:
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

By Abby Hassler
Beyoncé and Jay Z rule the musical world and are one the most famous couples on earth. Though the two have collaborated on multiple tracks, you’ve never heard them together quite like this.
Related: Beyoncé in Labor?
A 19-year-old producer, Amorphous, created a project he calls Bey-Z, which takes instrumentals from Jay Z’s musical catalog and infuses them with Beyoncé’s killer vocals. The results are magical.
“I was playing one of Jay’s tracks in the car,” Aamorphous told Complex, “and I started to sing ‘Formation’ over the beat. I immediately rushed home as I knew that I had something interesting on my hands and got to working. I completed it in several minutes, adding some small production elements of my own… I [tried] to find songs that worked together lyrically in some aspects but truly complimented each other.”
Listen to a preview of “Bey-Z” below and check out the whole thing on Bandcamp.

By Abby Hassler
A federal judge dropped Taylor Swift from the complaint in a suit filed by radio host David Mueller.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
Mueller sued Swift in 2015, claiming he was fired after false allegations that he groped the singer at an event in 2013. Swift countersued that same year claiming sexual assault and battery.
“Taylor Swift did not act improperly,” Judge William J. Martínez said in United States District Court in Denver, according to the New York Times. Martínez said Mueller offered, “insufficient evidence Miss Taylor Swift acted improperly when she reported an assault she truly believed happened.”
Despite Swift being dropped from the case, the judge allowed the suit to continue against the other two defendants, Swift’s mother, Andrew Swift, and Frank Bell (one of Swift’s managers). Swift’s countersuit will also continue.
Closing arguments are expected today.

A person has been hit by a train and killed between Derby and Chesterfield.
East Midlands Trains says the incident means trains cannot run in either direction between the two stations, disrupting its service between London St Pancras and Sheffield.
An East Midlands Trains tweet at 12.30pm said trains were being diverted away from the incident and that people should use their "East Midlands Trains ticket to travel via Doncaster to and from London Kings Cross".
A statement on the company's website says: "Our normal train service is expected to return back to our planned timetable on the affected route at around 3pm."
You can follow our updates on this incident below.

The video will start in 8 Cancel
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Birmingham’s Michelin starred chefs is creating a new beer – made using wildflowers he personally collected from city fields.
Brad Carter, from Carters of Moseley , is partnering up with award-winning new Jewellery Quarter brewery Burning Soul to create the drink.
The key ingredient that will help to make the beer different is the meadowsweet flower.
Commonly known as meadowsweet or mead wort, the damp meadow-loving Filipendula ulmaria is a perennial herb in the family Rosaceae.
The beer, to be called Meadowsweet Saison, is being launched at Burning Soul on Sunday, May 6 during the Bank Holiday weekend and will be available in keg and bottle form.
(Image: Lee Allen)
Couple Brad Carter and partner Holly Jackson won their Michelin star in 2015, just five years after launching their restaurant.
The city’s other Michelin stars are more central to the city and are currently held at Purnell’s on Cornwall Street, Adam’s on Waterloo Street and Simpson’s in Edgbaston.
What is the new beer?
(Image: Brad Carter)
It will be a Belgian-style Saison beer, typically gold to light amber in colour with high carbonation, yeast character and often bottle conditioned.
Brad says: “I’ve added my own touches to the beer after foraging for wild flowers on flat meadows in north Birmingham last summer.
“I collected a kilo of fresh flowers which were dried in a dehydrator.
“Turning them into a dry powder intensifies the flavour.
(Image: Brad Carter)
“We’ve added vanilla and Kings Heath Highbury honey to the leaves and it will have a deep, honey taste.
“The 600 litres of beer will make 1,000 bottles with special labels.”
Why Burning Soul?
“I met them online, contacted them and went to have a look,” says Brad.
Where will the beer be on sale?
(Image: Brad Carter)
As well as Carters of Moseley and Burning Soul, it will also be available through at least two more city centre outlets.
Tilt in the City Arcade will have a keg or two, and it will also be an option at Bonehead , the new chicken diner off John Bright Street.
“In the restaurant, a 330cl bottle will sell for about £7,” says Brad.
“There will also be a 750cl bottle with wax tops for about £14-16 that would enable a table of five to all share some.”
What is meadowsweet?
(Image: Brad Carter)
According to The Wildlife Trust, it is a member of the rose family that favours wet habitats such as ditches, damp meadows and riverbanks.
Its leaves are sometimes covered with a bright orange rust fungus.
Meadowsweet flowers from June to September, its sprays of tiny creamy-white flowers standing atop tall stems.
(Image: Getty Images / Iain Sarjeant)
Look for fluffy white flower heads and dark green leaves divided into pairs of leaflets. It can often be seen clustered together in a group of many plants.
In 1897, chemist Felix Hoffman discovered salicylic acid could be produced and used to treat rheumatism – combining the source Spiraea (as meadowsweet was known) with acetylic acid gave the name to a new medicine still in use today: aspirin.
Brad's other drinks have included homemade elderflower cordial.
(Image: Graham Young)
He is also still selling vegan-friendly kombucha drinks made by Kings Heath-based friend Alyn Norriis @thehappyguthut
The builder has spent more than four years fine-tuning the process of making fermented drinks in his back garden shed using cultures he grows and water he brings up from Malvern.
Who runs Carters of Moseley?
Couple Brad Carter and Holly Jackson won their Michelin star in 2015, just five years after launching their restaurant.
The city’s other Michelin stars are more central to the city and are currently held at Purnell’s on Cornwall Street, Adam’s on Waterloo Street and Simpson’s in Edgbaston.
Brad said they had no plans at the moment to move from their relative outpost.
“We are really busy and there is always lots going on,” he says.
“You just try to stay proactive.
“I want to be cooking or making something – I am not a lazy chef and not like some restaurants where the chef with his name over the door never turns up.
“I like to be here when people are paying money to be here because I don’t own a chain.
“I want a reason why I can do what I want to do and have people believe in it."
Brad said he was delighted to see so much building work going on as it bode well for the growing choices for places to eat out.
“The city is very young and it’s a great sign to see so much building going on.
“We are becoming a suburb of London and that really suits me.
“With HS2 , people will be able to get to work in 40 minutes while living in Birmingham for a better lifestyle.
“More people are opening up and having a chance to do their own thing.”
Who are Burning Soul?
In October 2017, just a year after it was founded, Burning Soul was named the UK’s most progressive new brewery at The Thirsty Games, a four-day convention run by Indy Man Beer Con at Manchester’s Victoria Baths.
Judges includes Logan Plant – son of Led Zeppelin legend Robert Plant – who runs his own London brewery, Beavertown.
In February 2017, the Burning Soul Brewing Company had already been best newcomer by ratebeer.com
Four years before they started Burning Soul, Rich Murphy and Chris Small had begun experimenting with home brewed beers.
But when the pair decided to go for broke, Rich stopped working as a carpenter with his father and took out a loan, while Chris not only packed in his job as a business analyst with the NHS but even sold his house, too.
Where is Burning Soul?
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
The Burning Soul Brewing Company is on the fringes of the Jewellery Quarter at Unit 1, 51 Mott Street, Birmingham B19 3HE – close to The Asylum rock venue on the Newtown side of the B4100 Great Hampton Street / Constitution Hill.
Being three minutes’ walk from the nearby St Paul’s Metro tram stop puts the brewery within ten minutes of New Street Station.
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
And it's just one stop away from the even nearer Snow Hill / St Chad’s sign for the Colmore Business District.
For more details, visit the website here
Follow on Twitter @BurningSoulBrew or on Facebook @BurningSoulBrewing
Where is Carters of Moseley?
The restaurant is at 2c St Mary’s Row, Wake Green Road, Moseley, Birmingham B13 9EZ.
Telephone 0121 449 8885 or visit the website here

Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
River Ridge's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48

Supporters descend on campus to celebrate opening of $6 million complex and expansion of engineering program
With the symbolic cutting of the ribbon, Virgil Elings officially opened the Elings Center for Engineering Education on Saturday afternoon during a public ceremony at Dos Pueblos High School.
“We are so thrilled to be opening the Elings Center for Engineering Education for it to accommodate the expanding Dos Pueblos High School Engineering Academy,” said Shawn Carey, Dos Pueblos’ principal.
The building, built with state-matching funds and $3 million in private donations, including a $1 million donation by Elings, will be the new home to the nationally recognized Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy.
“This year the academy was able to enroll 108 freshman as opposed to only 32 in the past,” said Amir Abo-Shaeer, the academy’s director. “As the increased enrollment continues, within four years, the new building will allow the academy to serve over 400 students, as opposed to the 128 we were able to serve.”
Hundreds of students, families, supporters and Santa Barbara Unified School District personnel joined Elings for the opening ceremony. After the ribbon was cut, the participants were invited inside to view the building, which took $6 million and years of effort to produce.
“Projects are different, projects have an end,” said Elings, founder of Digital Instruments. “Things can go wrong, things don’t go wrong and you really learn a lot more.”
The building, built by Frank Schipper Construction Co., has taken a little over a year to complete.
Inside is a machine shop, a prototype room, the Raytheon Engineering Laboratory, the Change Happens Meeting Room, the Lindsey Rose Mechanical Engineering Classroom and the computer classroom.
There are numerous lathes and mills for the machine room and new computers for the computer room. The expansive building will allow for future students to be a part of the Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy experience.
“The new facility is not only expressly designed for the needs of the academy students, but will allow us to extend the benefits of the academy experience to more than 400 students over the next four years,” Carey said.
As a result of the new building’s greater size, the unique hands-on experience that the Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy provides will be able to affect more students’ lives than it has in the past. The project-based learning philosophy that the academy believes in will revolutionize education, officials say.
“We are replacing what I consider to be the traditional educational practice where students have a vast amount of information to memorize, most of it completely unrelated to the world in which they live, and replacing that with excellence, rigor, relevance and project-based learning here at the Engineering Academy,” said Santa Barbara schools Superintendent David Cash.
Abo-Shaeer summed up his thoughts.
“So now we begin the next chapter in this, which is really to take what we’ve got here in this facility and reforming transforming education and doing it here,” he said.
Click here for more information on the Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy. Click here to make an online donation to the Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy Foundation.
— Alanna Kjoller is a student at Dos Pueblos High School and a staff writer for The Charger Account. Connect with The Charger Account on Facebook. Follow The Charger Account on Twitter: @ChargerAccount. This article is republished with permission.

For the McCann fruit ‘n’ veg dynasty, it’s a case of back to the future.
Having sold Fyffes – which traces its roots back to 1902 when Charles McCann established a greengrocers on Clanbrassil Street in Dundalk – to Japan’s Sumitomo Corporation last year for €751 million, the founder’s descendents are getting back into the banana business.
Total Produce, the fresh produce group spun out of Fyffes in 2006 as a separately-listed company, announced on Thursday it is set to take a 45 per cent of Dole Foods, the world’s largest fresh fruit group – which generates 43 per cent of its sales from bananas.
The McCanns own 11.3 per cent of Total Produce, which has an option to acquire all of Dole two years after the initial deal goes through. The announcement came less than four weeks after Dole owner David Murdock’s talks to sell his company to Belgian food distributor Greenyard broke down and the nonagenarian pulled a back-up plan to float the company for a third time.
Still, the McCanns and Murdock have been orbiting each other for decades. Dole weighed buying Fyffes in 1993 and enjoyed looking on from the sidelines as Fyffes made an abortive bid in 2014 to take over rival Chiquita. (That plan was scuppered by the North Carolina group’s own shareholders, who backed a rival takeover bid from two Brazilian companies instead.)
Total Produce chairman Carl McCann estimates that the Dole deal will add to his group’s earnings within the first full year, with annual synergies and cost savings set to rise to $35 million (€28 million) over the medium term, from an initial $15 million to $20 million.
Goodbody Stockbrokers analysts Patrick Higgins and Jason Molins are fans of the combination, creating the world’s largest fresh produce group with almost €8 billion of annual sales, noting that the deal values Dole at nine times operating earnings, compared to the 12.5 multiple the McCanns achieved for Fyffes last year.
The family is recycling some of the €87.5 million made from the sale of its 11.8 per cent stake in Fyffes last year into the Dole transaction, subscribing for €27 million of the €145 million of stock issued on Thursday to part fund the deal.
According to our calculations, their Total Produce stake is set to increase from 11.3 per cent to 12.6 per cent as a result.
It makes one wonder how much longer Carl’s brother David will remain executive chairman of Fyffes, as Total Produce becomes a closer peer – and rival.
IFSC vehicles needn’t fear the taxman
Operators in the darkest part of Ireland’s $2.2 trillion (€1.76 billion) shadow banking hub – the ultra-tax efficient and unregulated world of special purpose vehicles (SPVs) used to hold assets from distressed debt to greenhouse gas credits – needn’t worry too much about a visit from the taxman.
Figures released by the Department of Finance to Labour Party TD Joan Burton this week show the Revenue Commissioners completed five audits of such vehicles, known as section 110 companies, over the past two years.
That’s a 0.12 per cent chance of an audit, based on the latest Central Bank figures showing that there are almost 2,000 such companies in existence.
The number of instances of when tax officials sought additional information from SPVs through “aspect queries” fell by 40 per cent last year to 203 – even as the Government clamped down in 2016 on so-called vulture funds’ use of tax-efficient Section 110 companies to hold Irish property loans snapped up following the crisis.
Established under 1997 tax laws designed to make Dublin’s International Financial Services Centre (IFSC) an attractive place for “tax neutral” international debt securitisation deals, an example of how pervasive Irish SPVs are in the web of international finance could be seen last month in the collapse of Australia’s largest sandalwood forest company.
Quintis, whose sandalwood oils are used in perfumes, cosmetics and medicines, called in administrators on January 19th after a Dublin-based special purpose vehicle connected to US hedge fund Davidson Kempner exercised an option requiring Quintis to buy almost 1,000 acres of plantations or Australian $37 million (€24 million).
It was the final straw for the already-struggling Quintis.
IFG set for break-up sale
Dublin-listed financial services firm IFG, best known here for its former mortgage brokerage business, has been surrounded by perennial speculation in recent years over whether it will be split up, sold on or taken private by its main shareholder and chairman, businessman John Gallagher.
The group gave a partial answer on Friday revealing that “greater value may be created by a sale of Saunderson House” – the company’s most valuable business, an investment adviser focused on professionals in the City of London.
Assets under advice in the unit rose 11 per cent last year to £5.1 billion (€4.1 billion). Such businesses can command the equivalent of up to 3 per cent of assets under advices – pointing to a value of as much as £150 million, or 85 per cent of its current stock market value.
Meanwhile, news that IFG’s other unit James Hay, a provider of self-invested pension plans (SIPPs) faces penalties of up to £20 million – as a result of an investigation by HM Revenue and Customers a biofuel investment product previously offered to clients – sent IFG shares tumbling as much as 16.5 per cent.
A successful Saundeson House deal might prompt Gallagher, or someone else, to take over and sort out the remaining business.

France Under-20 26 Ireland Under-20 24
Fortune doesn’t always favour the brave because if it did, Ireland would have won their opening World Under-20 Championship encounter at Stade Aimé Giral in Perpignan on Wednesday night. France played the better rugby and their three converted tries in the 10 minutes after half-time transformed a 17-5 deficit into what ultimately proved a game-winning lead.
Ireland’s Diarmuid Barron, Tommy O’Brien, Caelan Doris, Jack Dunne and Matthew Agnew were standout performers but every member of the pack deserves huge credit. The disappointment will be acute because with a little better discipline they could have rescued a victory.
The first half was laden with incidents. France’s left wing Maxime Marty might have crossed for a hat-trick of tries but had to settle for one, denied by a brilliant cover tackle at the corner flag and then when his fullback Clement Laporte butchered a simple two-on-one run-in by delaying the pass.
If the Ireland defence enjoyed a charmed existence on those occasions, they fully deserved their 17-5 half-time lead, based on a monumental performance from the pack.
The visitors discovered a soft underbelly when taking on the French defence through the middle and on the fringes of rucks, and it was a precursor to their two tries, the first from Donegal-born flanker Joe Dunleavy and a sharp finish from the excellent scrumhalf Hugh O’Sullivan in first-half injury time.
At that point Ireland were a man down, tighthead prop Jack Aungier penalised for a high tackle on French outhalf Romain Ntamack. It was a particularly costly indiscretion because as play initially continued Ireland’s right wing Tom Roche stepped in to intercept a French pass and raced 40-metres to the French line.
However, after consulting with the television match official Graham Hughes, referee Karl Dickson, the former Harlequins scrumhalf, ruled out the try and brandished the yellow card. A word too for his immediate replacement Joe Byrne, he came on and locked out a couple of scrums when his team had seven forwards.
Whatever pep talk France received at the interval it worked as they scored three tries within 10 minutes of the re-start through their halfbacks, Coville and Ntamack and a second from Marty – the latter converted all three – but appreciably facilitated by some naive and brittle Irish defence. It was an issue during the Six Nations and it resurfaced in Perpignan; too many missed straight up tackles.
Unfortunately the malaise spread to the lineout and the scrum, Ireland’s error-rate began to spiral as they fatigued but there is plenty of character and courage in this team and despite the physical ravages of the contest they scored a third try on 71 minutes, scored and converted by Harry Byrne to make it 26-24 to the home side. The outstanding Barron carried brilliantly several times.
But just when Ireland needed to be precise and clinical they conceded three quick penalties that allowed the home side a lineout five metres from the Irish line – bizarrely France turned down a kick at goal – but the visitors snaffled the ball back and a great run and kick by Johnny Stewart gave Ireland one final opportunity; a final turnover allowed France to hold out.
SCORING SEQUENCE – 4 mins: Marty try, 5-0; 17: H Byrne penalty, 5-3; 21: Dunleavy try, H Byrne conversion, 5-10; 40 (+1): O’Sullivan try, H Byrne conversion, 5-17. Half-time: 5-17. 43: Coville try, Ntamack conversion, 12-17; 44: Ntamack try, Ntamack try conversion, 19-17; 50: Marty try, Ntamack try, 26-17; 71: H Byrne try, H Byrne conversion, 26-24.
FRANCE U-20: C Laporte; L Tauzin, P-L Barassi, A Securet, M Marty; R Ntamack, A Coville; H Kolincar, M Lamothe, D Brennan; T Lavault, K Geraci; S Zegueur, C Woki, C Francoz.
Replacements: J Joseph for Zegueur (32 mins); D Bamba for Brennan (half-time); J B Gros for Kollingar; G Marchand for Lamothe (both 50 mins); P-H Azagoh for Geraci (55 mins); J Gimbert for Coville; M Lebel for Marty (both 65 mins).
IRELAND U-20: M Silvester (Dublin University); T Roche (Lansdowne), T O’Brien (UCD), P Sylvester (UCC), D Hurley (Young Munster); H Byrne (UCD), H O’Sullivan (Clontarf); J French (UCC), D Barron(Garryowen), J Aungier (St Mary’s College); M Dalton (Malone), J Dunne(Dublin University); J Dunleavy (Malone), M Agnew (Ballymena), C Doris (St Mary’s College, capt).
Replacements: S O’Brien (Clontarf) for Hurley (27 mins); J Byrne (Dublin University) for Dunleavy (36-43 mins) and for Aungier (57 mins); C Daly (Clontarf) for Dalton (HIA, 50 mins); C Dean (St Mary’s College) for H Byrne (HIA, 50-58 mins); A Hall (Ballynahinch) for Dunleavy; J Stewart (QUB) for O’Sullivan (both 67 mins); D Sheehan (Dublin University) for Barron (75 mins).
Yellow card: Jack Aungier (Ireland) 33 mins.
Referee: K Dickson (England)

The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global SCADA Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report ABB (Switzerland), Schneider Electric SE (France), Yokogawa Electric Corporation (Japan), Honeywell International Inc. (US), Emerson Electric Co. (US), General Electric Co. (US), Siemens AG (Germany), Larsen & Toubro (India), Rockwell Automation Inc. (US), Omron Corporation (Japan), M.B. Control & Systems Pvt. Ltd (India), Iconics Inc. (US).
The report begins with introducing the global SCADA market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER’S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in SCADA report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-scada-market/5927/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
SCADA Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Hardware, Software, Services.
SCADA Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Power & Energy, Oil & Gas Industry, Water & Waste Control, Telecommunications, Transportation, Manufacturing Industry, Others.
Key points in the SCADA Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-scada-market/5927/#inquiry
From all of this SCADA market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following SCADA market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and SCADA distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/

Eastern Lightning Church of the Almight God. Have you heard of Eastern Lightning? If not, hang on because it’s quite a story.
Eastern Lightning is also known as the Church of the Almighty God, Church of the True God, Church of the Everlasting Fountain, and Real God and it’s a growing *cult in mainland China, Hong Kong, Korea, Laos, Vietnam, Australia, Europe, Canada and the United States.
Even though Eastern Lightning is believed by some to have more than a million members in mainland China, it is small in comparison with China’s population of about 1.4 billion people. (Some estimates are less than 100,000 adherents in China)
EL (as it is sometimes referred) is a relatively new cult and uses deception, sex and violence to grow bigger and flex its muscles on the back of a middle-aged Chinese woman that church members believe is the ‘Almighty God’ on earth.
The purpose for this post is simply this – be warned.
The Founder
The cult is reported to have begun about 25 years ago by Zhao Weishan **. He proclaims that the Almighty God has come to earth in the form of a Chinese woman and bases that claim on what Jesus said almost 2,000 years ago:
The Female Christ
The woman’s name is Yang Xiangbin and is also known as the “female Christ.” According to recent reports, Yang and Zhao fled to the United States about 15 years ago and currently live in New York City’s Chinatown and run Eastern Lightning’s international organization online (with Chinese headquarters in Zhengzhou). They teach that God is now guiding mankind for a third time through Yang. According to Yang and Zhao, God’s first guidance was in the Old Testament as Yaweh and His second guidance was in the New Testament as Jesus Christ.
As with most cults, Eastern Lightning has its own ‘holy book,’ known as The Word Appears in the Flesh: The Word Uttered by God Who Came Hiddenly in the End Time. The date of original writing is February 28, 1992. The English translation is dated January 29, 2008. That translation includes: Preface, Attached Pieces 1-3, The Interpretation of the Mystery of God’s Word (Attached Pieces of God’s Word 6-14), and The Words of the Incarnated Son of Man During His Walk in the Churches.
The book is deceptive in that the truth of what the cult believes is hidden from clear view. Instead of using the name Yang Xiangbin, the book addresses a correct response to God and His “Christ.” The “Christ” of Eastern Lightning is Yang Xiangbin.
The Origin
Here is how Eastern Lightning explains how this came to be in “The Origin and Development of the Church of Almighty God:”
As we read through The Church of Almighty God website, we read quotes from both The Word Appears in the Flesh and the New Testament of the Holy Bible as if they are on equal footing as the inspired Word of God.
** Some believe Eastern Lightning may have had its theological beginnings as far back as Witness Lee. (Interesting article about personal experience with Eastern Lightning by William Bennett)
The Beliefs
Jesus Christ is a created being.
The Trinity is a false doctrine.
Jesus Christ did not complete His work on earth, so God sent a woman (Jesus’ sister?) to complete His 6,000-year plan to save humanity.
Because Jesus did not complete His work on earth, salvation through the sacrifice of Jesus on the Cross is not effective in saving a person’s soul.
Jesus did not rise from the dead and will not return again.
God has already returned to earth as a Chinese woman (Yang Xiangbin)
The Bible is outdated and not authoritative.
The Christian mission organization China For Jesus details some of the beliefs of Eastern Lightning here.
The Methods
The cult is known for using deception, coercion, entrapment, kidnapping, sex and violence to gain new converts. There are many reports about Eastern Lightning’s acts of violence (here, here and here). One of its methods for getting access to many of the true Christian house churches in China is “Spying and Paving the Way” – a method of infiltrating orthodox churches.
China for Jesus explains The Characteristics of the Eastern Lightning Cult at Its Different Stages along with recommended countermeasures. The stages include The Primitive Stage, The Violent Stage, The Sexual Enticement Stage, The Crafty Stage and a Fifth Stage that was unnamed when the report was written.
The Media
Eastern Lightning is savvy in working with media: including books, video, stage plays, musicals, audio, photos, art and websites – including live chat. They also have special media aimed at reaching children. Books include The Word Becomes Flesh, The Lightning Comes from the East, The Holy Spirit Speaks to All the Churches, and God’s Work through His Secret Appearing.
Eastern Lightning presents itself as the “persecuted church” in China and has almost 100 video “Persecution Experience Testimonies.” The church’s premise is that “judgment begins with God’s family” and that the government of China – which Eastern Lightning calls the “Great Red Dragon” predicted in Revelation – is the persecutor of the church.
The Conclusion
Eastern Lightning is a dangerous ‘cult.’ It is not part of orthodox Christianity and should not be trusted. Christians should beware of the danger involved – spiritual and physical.

BARCELONA, Spain (AP) " Cristiano Ronaldo made a big impact in his truncated appearance at Camp Nou on Sunday, scoring a goal before being sent off in Real Madrid's 3-1 win over Barcelona in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup.
Ronaldo went on in the 58th minute and scored with a beautiful strike to make it 2-1 in the 80th, earning a yellow card for taking off his shirt to flex his muscles at Barcelona's faithful.
But that defiant pose turned into a petulant pout two minutes later when Ronaldo was booked again for diving in the area following contact with Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti.
Ronaldo gave the referee a push in the back after seeing the red card that meant he will miss Wednesday's return leg at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Advertisement
Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane said that the club would consider appealing Ronaldo's second booking to the Spanish football federation.
"We played a great match. What bothers me is the sending off of Cristiano," Zidane said. "Maybe it wasn't a penalty, but the card is a bit too much."
After Madrid went ahead in the 50th from an own-goal by Barcelona defender Gerard Pique, Lionel Messi equalized for Barcelona in the 77th from the penalty spot. Messi was given the chance to take his "clasico" goal record to 24 against Madrid when Luis Suarez was fouled by goalkeeper Keylor Navas.
While Ronaldo's goal was a blow, substitute Marco Asensio's 90th-minute strike " with Madrid down to 10 men " left Barcelona in a deep hole for the second leg.
"I am not going to play this down, we are happy with the result. But of course it is not over," Zidane said. "We are going to enjoy this today, because it is something to enjoy, and tomorrow we will think about the game on Wednesday."
While Zidane's Madrid took a big step to a second title to start the season after beating Manchester United in the European Super Cup, it was a dismal debut for Barcelona manager Ernesto Valverde.
Barcelona had hoped to show that, with Messi, Luis Suarez and Andres Iniesta, it could still compete with Madrid despite having Brazil star Neymar plucked away by Paris Saint-Germain on a world-record transfer last week.
Valverde opted to start Gerard Deulofeu in Neymar's spot on the left side, and the contrast with Neymar was clear. The forward lacked the natural talent and expert timing that Neymar had developed over four seasons with Messi and Suarez up front, and Barcelona attacked better after midfielder Denis Suarez replaced Deulofeu early in the second half.
While Barcelona slumped to a loss to its fiercest rival, Neymar scored a goal in an impressive debut for PSG to help it win 3-0 at Guingamp in the French league.
"We don't like to lose, especially against Madrid, and especially when there is a title at stake," Valverde said. "We are hurting after a loss like this, but we have to regroup and get ready for the next match."
Barcelona's night to forget started when Pique slid to defend a cross by Marcelo, only to redirect the ball into the corner of his net.
Barcelona still dominated possession, but ended up playing into Madrid's hands. It was caught off-balance in defense on goals by second-half substitutes Ronaldo and Asensio scored on the break.
Both forwards were left all alone against Pique. And, after maneuvering to pick their spots, Ronaldo and Asensio executed superb strikes from outside the area to beat the outstretched arms of goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen.
Ronaldo's first goal of the season came after he played just the final 10 minutes of Madrid's win over United as Zidane monitors his return to full speed following an extended summer vacation.
The defeat leaves Barcelona under pressure to spend at least part of the record 222 million euros ($262 million) it received from PSG for Neymar before the market closes at the end of the month. So far, the club's attempts to pry away Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho and Borussia Dortmund winger Ousmane Dembele have failed.
"The team needs to be renewed," Barcelona midfielder Sergio Busquets said. "There is no doubt that we have to sign players."

Japan 2 All Whites 1
The All Whites fell minutes short of a morale-boosting draw against Japan overnight, losing 2-1 in Nagoya.
After the hosts opened the scoring from the penalty spot early in the second half, New Zealand equalised with a 57th-minute Chris Wood header and looked like holding on until conceding an 87th-minute goal from close range.
The match was a dress rehearsal for New Zealand's World Cup playoff against the fifth-best South American side in five weeks. There were positives but also areas where improvement is needed to have any hope of reaching next year's finals in Russia.
Advertisement
Ranked 40th in the world, Japan have long been one of Asia's top teams and were among the first countries to qualify for Russia, their sixth successive finals.
But for New Zealand, ranked 113th, their as-yet unknown South American opponents will represent a step up in class. The candidates for next month's playoffs are Argentina (ranked 4th), Chile (9), Colombia (10), Peru (12) and Paraguay (39).
Japan deserved the win on the balance of play but if faced with a similar scenario against the South Americans, an inability to close out the games will result in elimination for the All Whites.
New Zealand again looked vulnerable on the flanks, were ragged late in the game as Japan pressed for a winner, were surprisingly caught out with long balls over the top in the first half, and also need to improve their crossing and set-piece delivery.
But on the plus side, coach Anthony Hudson can be happy his side enjoyed lengthy spells of possession and territory through the middle half of the game against technically capable opponents.
The All Whites started tentatively, sitting deep and almost inviting Japan to attack. The hosts dominated possession and territory in the opening quarter but spurned several scoring opportunities. The best fell to Shinji Kagawa in the eighth minute, with the former Manchester United midfielder now at Dortmund putting his shot from near the penalty spot against the outside of the post.
New Zealand grew into the game, improving as the half progressed, although creating just one chance of note, Wood blazing over the crossbar after running on to a curled pass over the top from Kosta Barbarouses.
Japan opened the scoring three minutes into the second half. Yuya Osako converted a penalty awarded for a shot driven against the hand of Andrew Durante, who continued to protest the decision on the way back to the restart until he was booked.
New Zealand's response was heartening, dominating territory and threatening with a series of Michael Boxall long throws from the left. That period of pressure culminated in the equaliser, with Marco Rojas crossing from the right for Wood to head in at the far post.
The goal was the Burnley striker's 24th for the All Whites, moving him to second equal with Shane Smeltz on New Zealand's all-time scorers' list, behind only Vaughan Coveny's 28.
Japan finished strongly and took the lead when a cross was headed back into the six-yard box and Shu Karata stooped to nod in the winner. The All Whites appealed for a penalty for hand ball a couple of minutes later but were otherwise unable to threaten a second equaliser.
Attention now turns to the final round of South American qualifiers on Wednesday, when New Zealand will finally learn the identity of their playoff opponents.

A newly-established Guyana-headquartered offshore medical school, Lincoln American University, says it is about to apply for Caribbean accreditation even as it rolls out a plan to establish similar institutions across the region.
Advisor to Lincoln American University, Dr. Emmanuel Cummings said already the institution located at Water and Barrack Streets has been registered with Guyana’s National Accreditation Council (NAC), paving the way for the institution to begin enrolling students.
Officials said overseas students- mainly from India, Pakistan, Zambia and Nigeria- are being screened by the Ministry of Citizenship and Immigration. That process, an official said, include the submission of police clearances and checking of the intended students background through International Police (INTERPOL). Students are expected to begin arriving in Guyana this weekend. Interest is also being shown by prospective American and Canadian students.
Cummings said Lincoln American University would next week be submitting its application for accreditation as a new institution to the the Jamaica-based Caribbean Accreditation Authority for Education in Medicine and other Health Professions (CAAM-HP). “All the schools have to be registered with the National Accreditation Council. It’s not accreditation; it’s registration. The NAC does not do accreditation. The only accrediting body is CAMM-HP and that is the accrediting body for the region,” he said when asked by Demerara Waves Online News. Cummings warned that if all medical schools are not accredited by 2023, the qualifications would be worthless.
“As a medical school, if we get accreditation it will benefit the students. Students can easily get exempted from taking the licence exam as a medical doctor in the Caribbean region,” Marketing and Administrative Manager at the medical school, Lalta Ramdeen told reporters. Efforts, he said, are also being made to have Lincoln University licensed by the Education Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates in the US and Canada.
Ramdeen said the cost of tuition at Lincoln American University would be 50 percent lower than in other countries, with Guyanese students being also given a 50 percent reduction in tuition fees, making it about US$5,500 per academic year. The official said Lincoln American University was established in Guyana because “we find Guyana is low cost; cost of living is very low compared to other countries and Guyana is a very good country whereby, as a medical school, we can be able reach out to the Caribbean market,” he said.
President of Lincoln American University, Professor Syed K. Washim and other officials said that already the institution has set up Bridgetown International University School of Medicine in Barbados and plans to expand to Trinidad and Tobago, Belize, Brazil and Australia within one year.
Officials said the computer, bio-chemistry and physiology laboratories have been already established, and simulators and three cadavers (preserved human bodies) would soon be acquired to be used as a teaching-learning aid. Pharmacy, nursing and post-graduate programmes, they said, would eventually be introduced. “I think what difference Lincoln brings to the medical school fraternity in Guyana is the fact that it is the first time that we are having a medical school that opening that has these kind of facilities from day-one. Most of the other medical schools started out as a small entity and they grew over time,” Assistant Dean, Dr. Torrington added. He said for the first time in Guyana subjects would be taught in an integrated manner.
A Memorandum of Understanding will soon be signed with the Georgetown Public Hospital Corporation and several private hospitals for clinical rotations and attachments.

Multiple Casualties In Manchester House Blaze
A number of people have been taken to hospital following a major fire at a terraced house in Greater Manchester.
Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service was called to a fire at a mid-terraced house on Jackson Street, Worsley, at 4.59am on Monday, December 11.
Firefighters rescued five people from the house and used six breathing apparatus, three hose reels and a ventilation fan to extinguish the fire.
Four crews from Farnworth, Bolton Central and Eccles attended.
Residents and commuters are advised to continue to avoid the area due to road closures.
Firefighters are still on the scene to monitor the house for any remaining hotspots.
Heart understands there has been a number of casualties but it is not clear how serious their injuries are, or if there has been any fatalities.

Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp insists their chance to reach a Champions League final should not be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
The Reds face Roma in their first semi in Europe’s elite club competition for a decade but their manager stressed he will not be building it up to be all-or-nothing for his players, more a stepping stone on the path to further success.
“I make the pressure higher? I tell them it’s the only chance you ever have in your life so use it. Would you love to hear that before a game?” he said.
“(It’s) not a once in the lifetime chance. I am already for the second time in the semi-finals and if I go, I will be the second time in the final. That’s pretty rare.”
The two clubs have significant history, with Liverpool having beaten the Serie A club at their own Stadio Olimpico ground in the 1984 European Cup final with their most recent meeting back in 2002 when the Merseysiders progressed to the quarter-finals of the competition.
Prior to that the Reds were also victorious in the knockout stages of the 2001 UEFA Cup on their way to winning the trophy.
Star man: Liverpool's Mo Salah will face his former club tonight
But Klopp admits that will not have any bearing on this tie.
“When was the final? ’84? Most of the players were not born then. Was Milly (James Milner)? Maybe Milly, I am not sure. Maybe he just looks older (Milner was actually born in 1986),” he added.
“I really like it but these things happened as the stories of those boys. I love that we go to Rome, a fantastic city and a beautiful stadium, the Stadio Olimpico – an historical place where you hear stories of 1,000 years ago.
“If it helps we will use it but I think the boys needs real things not the good old stories – even though they were brilliant. We only talk about it because we hope it helps. The spirit of Rome.”
Klopp’s sides have developed a habit of blowing teams away in concentrated spells, highlighted by their three goals in 19 first-half minutes to take the quarter-final leg away from Manchester City.
The German likened it to the manner in which the great Manchester United side of the 1990s and 2000s operated.
“Is there something with Alex Ferguson, Man United. At a specific time they scored always twice?” he said.
“Score, score? That is the opportunity. Score once, do it again. Use the momentum in the game. Of course we talk about, of course we want to use that, but you still have to score.
“The team is a really enthusiastic team. In a good moment, they jump and that’s really good to see.
“On the other hand, that’s why the two Man City games were really special.
“We dealt with the very difficult circumstances in the two halves here and there on a high level.
“That brought us to the semis, not that we can score one, two, three in a row.
“In the moments when we are not in charge of the game, we are still in the game, that’s a very important thing and that helped us massively.”

A cyclist has fallen heavily on the ground after he collided with a Jeep that cut across in front of him as he rode his bike along a footpath on Australia's Sunshine Coast.
The male cyclist was riding along at a brisk pace as the Jeep turned into the driveway across his path in Caloundra on Monday afternoon.
Seemingly not having time to stop, the man's bike struck the Jeep's front passenger side wheel sending the man tumbling off his bike and onto his back.
It's unclear if the cyclist was injured or if the anyone has been charged over the incident.
Unlike New Zealand, cyclists in Queensland are allowed to ride on the footpath.
Watch the video and you decide who was at fault.

WITH its unassuming title and a late night midweek slot on Channel 4, it feels like Back has gone a bit under the radar during its recent run.
It’s coming to an end with this week’s episode the last but I’d urge you to catch up with what’s been a frequently hilarious sitcom and a welcome return to the small screen for the ever fruitful partnership of comedians David Mitchell and Robert Webb.
Mitchell plays failed lawyer and divorcee Stephen, who is preparing to take over the family pub after the death of his father.
With Stephen resigned to a quiet life in the country (Stroud provides the setting) in walks in the mysterious stranger Andrew, who claims he was one of the many children fostered by Stephen’s parents.
No one is quite sure if Andrew is telling the truth, least of all Stephen whose childhood memories of his father seem very different to the new arrival, but within hours Andrew is charming his new family into accepting him, with Stephen’s mentally unstable sister instantly falling for the cuckoo in the nest.
Anyone who loved Peep Show will find much to enjoy about Mitchell and Webb reuniting in roles that are instantly familiar.
Stephen is almost a carbon copy of Mark Corrigan as he flirts unsuccessfully with his ex wife, frets about his dead father and tries in vain to expose Andrew for the charlatan he suspects him for.
Webb relishes his role as smooth Andrew, whose modern ideas for the pub horrify poor Stephen as the John Barleycorn is turned into a hipster’s paradise via chorizo, brie paninis and ‘glamping’ in the beer garden.
The humour tends to err on the dark side, with my favourite line in the brilliant opening episode summing up much of the atmosphere that runs through Back: “There’s a music festival here every summer. It has four stages. Like cancer.”
Hopefully Back will return for a second season before long.

For all the hustlers, dreamers, go-getters and more than that doers, motivation comes to them in different forms, either in Intrinsic form or in Extrinsic form or in both the forms.
Talking about motivations coming from Extrinsic sources, I found Candy Crush as one of the best source of inspiration if contemplated minutely.
Take a move to get a reward : You took an action, and got rewarded, another possibility opens – and the loop continues. Same thing you can expect in an Entrepreneurial Journey as well, every action will create some more possibilities for business.
Pattern recognition and converting it into fruitful outcome : Scanning the Candy Crush screen for possible candy matches(providing vision) is much more similar to scanning the business opportunities in terms of potential clients and customers.
Sweet, Delicious, Tasty, Divine: In Candy Crush, every successful move is accompanied by gleaming colors, rollicking music and avouching words like Sweet, Delicious which appeal directly to our reward receptors triggering a pleasing feedback much like applauds, whistles and praises which an entrepreneur earns provides a positive energy.
Boosters/Color Bombers/Combos : Very successful moves will often leads a sequence of subsequent onscreen color matches, which multiply the effect. In Entrepreneurship, good deal with client/customer triggers the same effect and boost up the process.
Illusion of Control : System generated random color bombers/ boosters make players fool many times thinking of a right move leading them to a failure level. Same thing happens if a wrong step is taken in terms of decision making processes in entrepreneurship.
Ask for Help & Offer Help : To complete a tough level or to get an extra life or to reach in next episode, Candy Crush provided a feature to ask friends for help. Similarly, entrepreneurs can’t get success without asking for help in their peer groups/ fellow entrepreneurs when needed. Be a giver also, if you help others, it will spread a positive vibe among the community and they will also help you in return when needed.
Keep Going-Chances are more : Got some wrong moves and you failed at any level – no worries, possibilities are immense, try some other moves next time with proper scanning of the opportunities. In case ended up with life, again no worries, take some rest and you will get recharged with more life/more energy. Successful Entrepreneurs enact in a similar manner and they never give up.
Here, I choose candy crush to explain the Extrinsic motivation, compared it to entrepreneurship. And the reason is simple, candy crush is a game of observation and so is the entrepreneurship. Based on my observations, I penned the above analogy, comment below your observations.

Lennar will Grand Open Mariposa later this month on Saturday, February 25!
Media Contact
Valerie Sheets
9492830202
valerie.sheets@ lennar.com Valerie Sheets9492830202
End
-- Lennar will Grand Open their newest community to the Menifee area, Mariposa at the Lakes, at the end of this month on Saturday, February 25. In the meantime, prospective buyers are strongly encouraged to join the interest list to stay informed as more information and pricing becomes available."We are thrilled about this upcoming community," said Tara Conklin, Vice President for Sales and Marketing for Lennar Inland Empire. "The new homes at Mariposa at the Lakes all boast single-story designs with great Everything's Included® features."At Mariposa at the Lakes, prospective homebuyers have three distinctive floorplans to choose from. Home sizes range approximately from 1,769 to 2,129 square feet of living space, three to four bedrooms and two to two and one-half bathrooms. Each home boasts a modern layout featuring open concept living areas, master suites with luxurious master bathrooms and walk-in closets and bonus living areas such as flex rooms, covered patios and more per plan.Mariposa at the Lakes, set in beautiful Menifee, features a gorgeous setting surrounded by mountain views and three expansive lakes. This community features an exclusive residents-only recreation center, The Bay Club, that offers residents resort-inspired amenities to stay busy and enjoy the finer things in life. It includes two large pools, an event center, activity room, state-of-the-art fitness center, splash park for the kids, walking paths and more.Every home at Mariposa at the Lakes is part of Lennar's Everything's Included® plan which puts thousands of dollars in extras into all their new homes as standard. By including today's most popular upgrades and features at no additional cost, Lennar homebuyers enjoy a simplified and easy new home buying process. At Mariposa, these upgrades include stainless steel GE® appliance packages including refrigerator, solar, tankless water heaters, centralized heat and air conditioning with programmable thermostats, gorgeous designer-selected upgraded cabinetry and so much more!Interested homeshoppers are encouraged to join Lennar's VIP interest list ( http://www.lennar.com/ new-homes/california/ inland-empire/ ... ) to stay informed as pricing and more information regarding this community becomes released. The Grand Opening will take place later this month on Saturday, February 25 at the Welcome Home Center, located at 30165 Bristol Gate Lane. To view floorplans or see more information on this highly anticpated community, visit https://www.lennar.com/ new-homes/california/ inland-empire... With hundreds of communities nationwide and homes designed for first-time, move-up and luxury homebuyers, Lennar has grown to become one of the nation's leading and most respected homebuilders. Lennar has a longstanding history of building homes of enduring quality in only the most well planned and desirable locations throughout the country.

Well, that was fast. Elon Musk claims to have sold out of flamethrowers in just four days.
The Tesla founder said on Twitter that he would stop taking orders for the $500 devices after selling 20,000. The goal was to raise $10 million for his tunneling business, The Boring Company.
The Boring Company, founded in 2016, has plans to create a network of underground tunnels to ease traffic congestion.
Musk, who is known for provocative antics, first mentioned plans to sell a flamethrower in December, and repeatedly plugged the idea on social media.
The Boring Company insisted the flamethrower is safe.
"Much like a roller coaster, this is designed to be thrilling without danger," a company spokesman said in a statement.
Musk had advertised the flamethrowers as "guaranteed to liven up any party," drawing a huge reaction online.
"When the zombie apocalypse happens, you'll be glad you bought a flamethrower," he tweeted on Sunday. "Works against hordes of the undead or your money back!"
Related: Can Elon Musk make subway tunnels cool again?
The flamethrowers will start shipping in the spring, according to The Boring Company's website. Musk said in a tweet that each flamethrower would be dispatched with a complimentary fire extinguisher.
The Boring Company previously sold 50,000 hats for $20 apiece in 2017. The business is privately funded.
Related: Tesla won't pay Elon Musk unless...
Not everyone is amused. Miguel Santiago, who serves in the California State Assembly, said he would file legislation to block the stunt.
"We've now seen some of the worst wildfires in California's history, so handing out flame torchers for $500 is a really bad idea and bad public policy," he said.
-- Julia Horowitz and Bill Burke contributed to this report.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.

UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.

LONDON, May 3 (IFR) - The securitisation of £4.09bn UK student loans has been pushed back beyond June 8 with the government taking the decision to delay bringing a large and new asset class to market during a general election.
Income Contingent Student Loan 1 (2002-2006) was announced several weeks ago prior to the surprise election announcement on April 18.
"Following the vote to trigger a general election, the sale will not be completed during this Parliament," a Department for Education spokesperson said.
Barclays is sole arranger and joint-lead alongside Credit Suisse, JP Morgan and Lloyds.
The market had been expecting the leads to announce formal pricing indications by early May, but sources said it was not feasible to bring such a large transaction during a general election. (Reporting by Alex Chambers; editing by Sudip Roy)

May 2 Wajax Corp
* Wajax reports first quarter results
* Q1 earnings per share c$0.31
* Q1 revenue rose 11.7 percent to c$318.4 million
* Q1 earnings per share view c$0.31 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Wajax corp - compared to q4 of 2016, q1 consolidated backlog increased $34.2 million, or 27% due primarily to higher equipment orders
* Wajax corp - anticipates adjusted net earnings in 2017 will increase compared to 2016 adjusted net earnings
* Wajax-Continue to expect most major resource and industrial markets will remain under continued spending constraints, margin pressures for rest of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

April 5 San Miguel Corp:
* Refers to news article "SMC global readies third-quarter listing" posted in Manila Standard on April 4
* Intends to list in the Philippine stock exchange and pursue an intial public offering of the shares of SMC global power holdings corp
* Proceeds realized from offering shall be used to acquire and build Greenfield Power Projects Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

Global debt rose to 325 percent of the world's gross domestic product in 2016, totalling $215 trillion (172.39 trillion pounds), an Institute for International Finance report released on Monday showed, boosted by the rapid growth of issuance in emerging markets.
Global debt grew by $7.6 trillion in 2016 compared with the prior year. Issuance rose from 320 percent of GDP in 2015.
Emerging market debt saw a "spectacular rise" to $55 trillion outstanding in 2016, equal to 215 percent of their GDP. This was driven mostly by non-financial corporate debt, the report said.
Emerging markets have raised nearly $40 trillion of new debt between 2006 and 2016, a significant acceleration from the roughly $9 trillion added between 1996 and 2006, according to the report.
Global debt has risen more than $70 trillion in the last decade to a record high for debt issuance, the institute said.
Developed market countries accounted for $160 trillion, the lion's share of global debt, reaching nearly 4 times, or 390 percent of those markets' combined GDP.
The report found that the $32 trillion increase in developed market debt had been driven largely by governments, with U.S. and UK public sector debt having more than doubled since 2006. Japan and developed markets in Europe have seen an increase of about 50 percent in the dollar value of their outstanding government debt.
The majority of the increase in emerging market indebtedness has been in local currency, which was more than $48.5 trillion as of the end of 2016 from around $43 trillion in 2015.
(Reporting by Dion Rabouin; editing by Diane Craft)

(Repeats story from late Wednesday with no changes)
* PBOC increasing flexibility and scope of its operations
* Greater use of market mechanisms instead of benchmark rates
* Expanded scope of its prudential tools to manage risk
* Aims to control cost of capital without shock to system
By Kevin Yao
BEIJING, April 12 China's central bank has been quietly boosting its policy independence and regulatory reach as it seeks to contain risks to the financial system, policy insiders said, to help ensure stability ahead of a five-yearly leadership team transition this year.
By greater use of market mechanisms to adjust interest rates instead of changing the official benchmark rates, which need political approval, the People's Bank of China has assumed more targeted, timely and effective control of its principal policy objective - to calibrate the cost of capital in the economy.
And by broadening the scope of the tools it uses to assess and limit the accumulation of risky assets in the banking system, it has expanded its oversight powers without getting embroiled in the kind of bureaucratic infighting that has beset plans to create a financial super-regulator.
That has given the PBOC room to manoeuvre at a time when it needs to contain speculative bubbles and risky lending while avoiding abrupt tightening measures that could hurt the economy.
"China faces big systemic risks, and 2017 is a crucial year for controlling such risks," said a policy adviser.
"The central bank has been expanding its regulatory functions and it's taking an over-riding role (on risk controls)."
The PBOC is likely to guide market interest rates higher using reverse repurchase agreements (repos), and its standing lending facility (SLF) and medium-term lending facility (MLF), while keeping benchmark interest rates steady, policy advisers said. That will allow it to fine-tune borrowing costs without using the blunt instrument of benchmark rates, which could hurt the heavily indebted corporate sector.
"China's economic fundamentals are slowly improving, but there could be problems if we tighten policy too quickly," a second policy adviser said.
The central bank raised short-term interest rates on March 16 in what economists said was a bid to stave off capital outflows and keep the yuan currency stable after the Federal Reserve had raised U.S. rates.
That followed increases in its repo rates and the SLF on Feb. 3, and a rise in rates on the MLF in late January.
Its recent changes to interest rates have been announced during market trading, including just hours after the Fed raised rates.
In contrast, previous changes in official benchmark lending and deposit rates, which needed cabinet approval, often came in the evening or at weekends.
China's central bank still has much less autonomy than Western peers, so it doesn't have the final word on adjusting official interest rates or the value of the yuan. The basic course of monetary and currency policy is set by the cabinet or by the Communist Party's ruling Politburo.
The PBOC did not return requests for comment.
TWIN PILLARS
Under long-serving Governor Zhou Xiaochuan, the PBOC has been a driver of the reform agenda, with a long-term goal to make banks' borrowing costs more market driven to improve resource allocation and wean the economy off its reliance on state-led investment.
Reuters reported in 2015 that China was considering bringing together its banking, insurance and securities regulators into a single super-commission, following a stock market crash that was blamed in part on poor inter-agency coordination.
But policymakers and the different bureaucracies have yet to reach a consensus on how to proceed with a regulatory overhaul.
"Such an overhaul is unlikely to happen soon because it concerns interests, personnel arrangements and relationships between different departments," said another policy adviser.
Chen Yulu, a central bank vice-governor, told a forum last month that the PBOC is trying to establish a "twin-pillar framework of monetary policy plus macro-prudential policy".
The central bank's macro-prudential assessment (MPA) is a formal evaluation that assigns a score to each bank based on parameters believed to include asset quality, capital adequacy, the proportion of liquid assets and stability of funding.
The MPA was launched last year and, while not publicly disclosed, the PBOC has widened the risk-assessment framework to include off-balance-sheet wealth management products (WMPs) in the first-quarter report, sources at commercial banks said, in line with the central bank's announcement in December.
"To control financial risks, we cannot have a fragmented regulatory system under which different agencies do their own things," said a source at a major commercial bank.
"Letting the central bank take the lead is most suitable, given that it's tasked to oversee money supply, liquidity, and control systemic risks."
WMPs, often linked to shadow banking, have seen explosive growth in recent years, with funds channelled into stock and bond markets.
"It's necessary for the PBOC to take on more regulatory functions under its MPA because there are many hidden risks that could pose a threat to China's financial stability," said the second policy adviser.
The official Shanghai Securities News reported last month that mortgages could also be included in the MPA this year. Home mortgages accounted for nearly 40 percent of China's record new loans of 12.65 trillion yuan ($1.8 trillion) last year.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) says China's total private and public debt has grown to more than 250 percent of GDP, up from 150 percent before the global financial crisis. ($1 = 6.8979 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Kevin Yao; Editing by Will Waterman)

Greece's dark age: how austerity turned off the lightsDeepening poverty in Greece following seven years of austerity that was demanded by the country's international creditors is causing many families to owe so much to the country’s power utilities that they cannot use electricity in their homes. The state-controlled Public Power Corporation has 2.6 billion euros ($2.8 billion) in unpaid bills. People in poor neighborhoods are also increasingly turning to energy fraud, meaning that the problem for PPC is much higher than the mountain of unpaid bills suggests. Power theft is costing PPC around 500-600 million euros a year in lost income, an industry official said, requesting anonymity because he was not authorized to divulge the numbers.here
Commentary: The worrying lessons of Syria’s chemical attack
In terms of raw casualty numbers, Tuesday’s apparent nerve gas attack near the Syrian city of Khan Sheikhoun – believed to have killed at least 70 – should hardly be significant against the backdrop of a war that has left hundreds of thousands of people dead. But that was never the point of chemical weapons, writes Peter Apps. Since European powers first used them over a century ago at the height of World War One, they have held a psychological and political shock value in many ways out of proportion to their physical or military effect. here
Destructive weed threatens U.S. corn
A U.S. government program designed to convert farmland to wildlife habitat has triggered the spread of a fast-growing weed that threatens to strangle crops in America's rural heartland. The weed is hard to kill and, if left unchecked, destroys as much as 91 percent of corn on infested land, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). It is spreading across Iowa, which accounts for nearly a fifth of U.S. corn production and in 2016 exported more than $1 billion of corn and soy.here
Zara owner takes step to keep company in the family
Amancio Ortega, the reclusive 81-year-old founder of the world's biggest clothing retailer Inditex and Europe's richest man, has put a majority stake in the firm that owns the Zara fashion chain into a holding company to ensure family control remains unassailable after he dies. Ortega's heirs will now inherit stakes in Pontegadea, which groups assets worth around 57 billion euros, rather than Inditex shares which potentially could be sold, muddying prospects for the company's direction.
here
How artificial life spawned a billion-dollar industryScientists are getting closer to building life from scratch and technology pioneers are taking notice, with record sums moving into synthetic biology,a field that could deliver novel drugs, materials, chemicals and even perfumes. Despite ethical and safety concerns, investors are attracted by synthetic biology's wide market potential and the plummeting cost of DNA synthesis, which is industrializing the writing of the genetic code that determines how organisms function.here
Reuters photo of the day
Just five more minutes
here artiste is reflected in a mirror as he applies make-up backstage before taking part in a celebration to mark Hindu festival of Ramnavami inside the premises of a temple in Bengaluru, India April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Abhishek N. Chinnappa

April 28 Juventus FC SpA:
* Said on Thursday that FC Bayern Muenchen AG has exercised its option right for the definitive acquisition of the registration rights of the player Kingsley Coman
* Consideration for the acquisition is 21 million euros ($22.88 million) to be paid in 2017/2018 and 2018/2019 financial years
* The economic effect is positive for about 19 million euros, net of auxiliary expenses and solidarity contribution
Source text: www.1info.it
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9179 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)

May 3 Two Harbors Investment Corp:
* Two Harbors Investment Corp reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Reported qtrly book value of $9.91 per common share
* Qtrly reported core earnings of $95.0 million, or $0.27 per weighted average common share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

April 10 Ardent Leisure Group
* Dreamworld recovery remains on‐track despite significant rainfall
* main event has recorded unaudited revenues of us$61.5 million for period from 1 january to 31 march 2017, up 25.1% versus pcp
* group has decided to add 8 main event centres in fy18 rather than 11 as previously guided
* longer‐term target of 200 main event centres remains unchanged.
* group believes overall recovery of theme parks remains on track.
* group continues to target low single digit main event constant centre revenue growth over longer term
* group believes there is a risk over time that under‐investment could have a negative impact on main event brand
* anticipates that all main event centres will eventually require some level of additional investment to refresh them over time
* recent cyclone that impacted east coast of australia resulted in a closure of dreamworld and skypoint for 1 day in late march, however no damage or flooding occurred
* During the period from 1 to 24 March 2017, theme parks recorded unaudited revenues of $3.1 million, down 34.3% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
